Roblox Corporation and designated subsidiaries (“Roblox”, “we,” or “us”) offers the Roblox website (www.roblox.com) and its related platform (collectively, “Platform”) and various other features and services, including websites, applications, forums, content, functionality, products, and services (together with the Platform, “Services”) to allow users (“Users,” “your,” or “you”) to play, create, and connect.

By accepting these User Terms, you also agree to be bound by the following:

Roblox Creator Terms, which apply to all Users who access the Services. They cover items such as the use of Roblox Studio, the offering of Experiences and Virtual Content (as defined below), and the use of music on the Services.
Roblox Privacy Policy, which explains information that we collect about you, how we protect that information, and how that information may be used.
Roblox Community Standards, which explains the conduct standards expected from Users, and outlines behavior prohibited on the Services.
Experience Guidelines, which provide information regarding the age recommendations and content descriptors associated with Experiences.
For U.S. Users, Roblox’s Arbitration Agreement (Section 11), which outlines how disputes between you and Roblox will be resolved. Specifically, these Roblox Terms contain A BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. THIS MEANS THAT YOU GIVE UP THE RIGHT TO BRING AN ACTION IN COURT, INDIVIDUALLY OR AS PART OF A CLASS ACTION.
PLEASE READ THE ROBLOX TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE BEGINNING TO USE THE SERVICES, AS THEY SET FORTH A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND ROBLOX. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU HAVE REACHED THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION AND STATE OF RESIDENCE, AND UNDERSTAND, ACCEPT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND AND ABIDE BY THE ROBLOX TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE ROBLOX TERMS, YOU MUST NOT USE THE SERVICES.

IF YOU ARE UNDER THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY (A “MINOR”) IN YOUR JURISDICTION OR STATE OF RESIDENCE, BEFORE USING THE SERVICES, YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN MUST READ AND CONSENT TO THE ROBLOX TERMS. BY PERMITTING A MINOR TO USE THE SERVICES, A MINOR’S PARENT OR GUARDIAN BECOMES SUBJECT TO THE ROBLOX TERMS AND AGREES TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE MINOR’S ACTIVITIES ON THE SERVICES.

The Roblox Terms are subject to change. To the extent required by applicable law, Roblox will provide User with reasonable advance notice of any material updates or modifications by any reasonable means of notification, provided that non-material changes, feature updates, or modifications made for legal reasons (as determined by Roblox) will be deemed to be effective immediately and without notice. Changes shall be in effect as of the “Last Updated” date listed atop this page. Your continued use of the Services after the Last Updated date constitutes your acceptance and agreement to such changes.

The Roblox Terms consist of the following:

User Terms. The User Terms apply to any person who accesses the Services.
Creator Terms. The Creator Terms apply to all Users who access the Services. They cover items such as the use of Roblox Studio, the offering of Experiences and Virtual Content (as defined below), and the use of music on the Services.
Roblox Community Standards. The Roblox Community Standards apply to all Users and outline the types of behavior that are acceptable and prohibited when using the Services.
Roblox Privacy & Cookie Policy. The Roblox Privacy & Cookie Policy outlines information that Roblox collects during your use of the Services, how we protect that information, and how that information may be used.
Supplemental Provisions.
People’s Republic of China. These terms apply to a User’s interaction with UGC created by Users and Developers located in China that use Luobu Studio and to a Creator’s submission of UGC to the Luobulesi Game for distribution in the People’s Republic of China.
Japan. These terms apply to Users located in Japan.
Europe. These terms apply to Users located in EU/EEA and the United Kingdom.
Plus certain other Additional Terms, which may be applicable depending on your use of the Services and may require separate consent. These include but are not limited to:

Advertising Standards. The Advertising Standards apply to advertisers who place advertisements on Roblox and to Creators who allow third party advertisements in their Experiences.
Advertising Terms. The Advertising Terms apply to advertisers who place advertisements on Roblox through the Roblox Ads Manager at ads.roblox.com.
Biometric Privacy Notice. The Biometric Privacy Notice applies to any User who uses additional features on Roblox that require the use of one’s camera or the uploading of files that contain an individual’s facial geometry (including age verification) and explains how Roblox collects, uses, shares, retains, and destroys your Biometric Data when you use the Services.
Creator Analytics Terms of Use. The Creator Analytics Terms apply to any Creator who accesses Roblox’s Creator Analytics feature.
DevEx Terms. The DevEx Terms apply to any Creator who has applied and been accepted to the Developer Exchange Program (“DevEx Program”).
Facial Animation Privacy Notice. The Facial Animation Privacy Notice applies to any User who activates and enables tools on the Service, including Animation Capture-Face or Chat, that capture and animate facial movements and explains how Roblox collects, uses, shares, retains, and destroys the data collected when you use the Services.
Roblox Name and Logo Guidelines. The Roblox Name and Logo Guidelines apply to any Creator or Brand Partner who advertises content created on Roblox on other platforms.
USER TERMS
These User Terms, along with the additional Creator Terms, govern, among other things, what is called User Generated Content or “UGC.” UGC is content of any kind or nature, whether material, assets, or otherwise, that Users create, upload, submit, publish, display, generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Services. ALL USERS ARE SUBJECT NOT ONLY TO THESE USER TERMS BUT ALSO TO THE ADDITIONAL CREATOR TERMS, WHICH ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.

Definitions.
Any capitalized words not defined herein are defined in the Roblox Dictionary.
User Accounts; Access to Services.
Creating an Account. To access certain elements and functionality of the Services, you will need to create a Roblox account (“Account”). To create an Account, you will be asked to provide username, date of birth, and method of authenticating your Account, which may include a password and, depending on the resources accessed, you may also be asked to provide other information like a verified email address, verified phone number, or a government-issued photo identification. You agree that all information provided to Roblox will be true, accurate, and up to date. Roblox reserves the right to take steps to ensure that any information you provide to Roblox in connection with your Account is accurate.
Securing an Account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of any credentials used to access your Account (e.g., a username and password). You must not share or disclose such credentials to others (except for Guardians in the case of a Minor User).
Account Responsibilities and Prohibitions. You understand, acknowledge, and agree that you will be responsible for any actions taken in your Account and on the Services using your access credentials, whether or not such actions have been authorized by you. You may only access the Services through your own Account. Selling your Account or your access credentials to another User is strictly prohibited. Similarly, purchasing another User’s Account or access credentials is strictly prohibited. However, transferring an Account in connection with the sale of the right to earn Robux from the sale of Virtual Content created by that Account, pursuant to a valid written agreement, is permitted. This exception does not permit the sale of Robux or Virtual Content outside the Services.
Compromised Accounts. If you have reason to believe your Account has been compromised, is not secure, or has been subject to unauthorized use, you must notify Roblox immediately by contacting Roblox Support. If another User asks for your password or any personal information, you should report them immediately using the “Report Abuse” feature.
Suspension or Termination of an Account. If you violate these User Terms or any of the Roblox Terms, including the Roblox Community Standards, Roblox reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate or suspend (i) your Account and (ii) your right to use and access the Roblox Services, including by suspending or terminating any alternate account(s) you create or have created. Account suspension or termination may also involve the suspension or termination of access to any content you have acquired on the Services, including without limitation Robux, Experience access, In-Experience Items, and Virtual Items. Roblox may also terminate your Account if Roblox determines, in its sole discretion, you are a repeat infringer, as contemplated by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). A Guardian of a Minor User may request that Roblox terminate their Account by contacting Roblox Support.
Notification and Appeal. If, pursuant to a violation of the Roblox Terms or in response to law enforcement or other legal request, Roblox (i) suspends or terminates your Account or access to the Services or (ii) removes Robux, UGC, or other content that you have on the Services, Roblox may notify you, and may provide you an opportunity to request a review of Roblox’s decision (“Appeal”). To begin the Appeal process, contact Roblox Support. See here for more information on relevant Roblox policies and processes.
Access to Services. Roblox reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change or suspend the Services (or any portion thereof) at any time and for any reason, including to comply with laws, to protect Users, or to protect Roblox’s reputation, without notice to you unless required by law and without liability to Users.
Robux and Roblox Premium Membership
“Robux” is the official currency of the Roblox Services and can be used to acquire content such as Virtual Items (defined below) or access to interactive content called “Experiences” on the Services. Robux are not a substitute for real currency, do not earn interest, and have no equivalent value in real currency. Except as otherwise outlined in the DevEx Terms, Robux cannot be redeemed for any fiat currency, and Roblox is not obligated to exchange a User’s Robux for anything else of value.
Limited License to Use Robux. Robux have no equivalent value in real currency. Except as specifically set forth in Section 4 of the Creator Terms, your acquisition or purchase of Robux only entitles you to receive a limited, non-transferable, revocable license to use Robux (i) in connection with the Services, (ii) for your personal entertainment only, and (iii) in the ways permitted by Roblox under the applicable Roblox Terms. Your limited license to use Robux may end if (i) you violate the Roblox Terms, (ii) your Account is suspended or terminated, or (iii) these User Terms or the Services are terminated.
Acquisition and Use of Robux. Robux may be acquired on the Services in one of several ways. A User may acquire Robux (i) by purchasing or otherwise receiving Robux from Roblox; (ii) by purchasing a membership (“Premium” as more fully described in Section 3f below) that includes a certain stipend of Robux each month; (iii) by trading Virtual Items with other Users (as described in Section 4c below); or (iv) by other means that Roblox may introduce. Additionally, a Creator may earn Robux as described more fully in Section 4 of the Creator Terms.
You may not use, acquire, or distribute Robux or Virtual Content except through the Services and except as expressly allowed by Roblox under these Roblox Terms. Any attempt to do so constitutes a violation of the Roblox Terms, will render the transaction void, and may result in the immediate suspension or termination of your Account and your license to use Robux or Virtual Content. Roblox does not recognize or take responsibility for third-party services that allow Users to sell, transfer, purchase, or otherwise use Robux or Virtual Content, and any such use by a User is a violation of the Roblox Terms. However, transferring an Account in connection with right to earn Robux from the sale of Virtual Content created by that Account, pursuant to a valid written agreement, is permitted. This exception does not permit the sale of Robux or Virtual Content outside the Services. Only Users who have reached the age of majority in their jurisdiction or state of residence may purchase Robux or engage in other real-money transactions on the Services.

Robux Are Non-Refundable. Except as required by law, all payments for Robux are final and not refundable.
Robux Are Subject to Change. Roblox, in its sole discretion, may implement changes to Robux at any time. This may include limiting the number of Robux a User may acquire or lowering the purchase price of Robux.
Except for the limited licenses granted to you under the Roblox Terms, Roblox has and retains all rights in and to Robux. This includes the right to modify, revoke, or terminate your license to use Robux without notice, payment, or liability to you. Roblox makes no guarantees or warranties regarding Robux or their availability or value.

Premium. Roblox Premium is a renewing subscription that provides Users with certain additional benefits on the Services (such as the ability to engage in a Trade or Resale, as those terms are defined in Section 4 below). When you purchase a subscription to Roblox Premium, you agree that your subscription service will automatically renew and that Roblox, through its payment provider, is authorized to charge your payment method accordingly until you cancel the subscription. Roblox will notify you of any price increase or change to the subscription terms (such notification may be via any reasonable means). You may cancel Roblox Premium at any time by following the instructions available here. If you cancel Roblox Premium, you can still enjoy the benefits for the period of time for which you have already paid. Roblox Premium subscriptions are non-refundable and non-transferable.
Virtual Content, UGC Subscriptions, and the Roblox Economy.
Acquiring Virtual Content. You may acquire “Virtual Items” (including without limitation clothing or digital items for your avatar), “In-Experience Items” (including without limitation game passes and special abilities) and other content (including without limitation Experience and private server access) offered by Roblox and/or Creators (collectively “Virtual Content”) solely on the Services. The acquisition of Virtual Content on the Services is solely for your personal entertainment, and, except as otherwise stated in any Additional Terms, as applicable, it does not create any legally enforceable contract between (i) you and Roblox or (ii) you and any Creator. Virtual Content has no real world equivalent value and you do not acquire any enforceable property rights in and to any Virtual Content based on any transaction on the Services.
When you spend Robux to acquire Virtual Content through Marketplace or In-Experience, the Robux are collected through the Services and immediately deducted from your Account balance. All such transfers are final and, unless otherwise permitted by Roblox through its policies or practices, non-refundable and non-reversible.

UGC Subscriptions are automatically renewing subscriptions offered by a Creator to provide Users with certain additional benefits. UGC Subscriptions may be purchased using fiat currency (real world money) only. When you purchase a UGC Subscription, you agree that your subscription will automatically renew and that Roblox, through its payment provider, is authorized to charge your payment method accordingly until you cancel the UGC Subscription. You may cancel your UGC Subscription at any time in the Subscriptions settings page. If you cancel your UGC Subscription, you can still enjoy the benefits for the period of time for which you have already paid. All purchases of UGC Subscriptions are final and, unless otherwise permitted by Roblox through its policies or practices, non-refundable and non-transferable.
Selling Virtual Content and UGC Subscriptions.
For Users. Roblox allows Users with a Roblox Premium subscription to resell certain Roblox-created Virtual Content on the Services (“Resale”). A User may engage in a Resale of such Virtual Content within Marketplace only. All Resales are final and cannot be reversed. (See here for a more detailed explanation of how to resell Virtual Content.) 
For Creators. A Creator may design and sell Virtual Content and UGC Subscriptions pursuant to the terms as outlined in Section 4 of the Creator Terms and the UGC Subscription Terms of Use.
Trading Virtual Content. Roblox allows Users with a Roblox Premium subscription to trade certain Virtual Content on the Services (“Trade”). This Virtual Content can be Traded for other Virtual Content or for a combination of Robux and Virtual Content. When Users engage in a Trade on the Services that includes the exchange of Robux, Roblox is entitled to a fee. However, if no Robux are exchanged as part of the Trade, Roblox will not receive any fee in connection with the transaction. (See here for a more detailed explanation of Roblox’s Trading System and the associated fees.)
Removal of Virtual Content. Roblox has the right, in its sole discretion, to suspend the availability of, or remove from the Services and your Account, any content (including without limitation Experiences, Virtual Content, UGC Subscriptions, and UGC) without advance notice. Roblox shall not be liable to any User for any losses you may experience because of such suspension or removal, and Roblox is not required to refund any Robux or other funds that a User has spent on any removed or suspended content, except where legally required.
Payments and Refunds.
General. Only Users who have reached the age of majority in their jurisdiction or state of residence may engage in financial transactions on the Services, such as purchasing Robux or Roblox Premium, or UGC Subscriptions.
User Responsibilities. When purchasing Robux, Roblox Premium, or a UGC Subscription, you (or your Guardian, as applicable) represent and warrant that you have the right to use your selected payment method and that your payment method has enough credit available to complete the applicable transaction. You further agree that you have read and agree to be bound by any applicable Additional Terms and that any information you provide in connection with any financial transaction on the Services, including without limitation the provision of a selected payment method, shall be subject to the privacy policy as outlined by the applicable payment service provider for that financial transaction.
If you believe someone has gained access to or used your Account, including your payment method, without permission, you must notify Roblox as soon as possible by contacting Roblox Support. Roblox reserves the right to suspend any Account with unauthorized charges or to restrict an Account’s ability to purchase Robux, engage in Trades, and/or purchase Virtual Content and UGC Subscriptions. (See Chargeback Policy below.)
Chargeback Policy. If you notice charges on your credit/debit card, PayPal, or Google Play account that you did not authorize, please contact Roblox Support before disputing any charges directly with your payment processor. Once a charge has been disputed with your payment processor, Roblox cannot issue a refund due to prohibitions under the payment provider’s dispute process. Roblox reserves the right to suspend any Account with unauthorized charges or to restrict an Account’s ability to purchase Robux, engage in Trades, and/or purchase Virtual Content.
Intellectual Property and UGC.
Roblox IP. The interfaces, graphics (including without limitation Roblox Classic Avatars and Modified Classic Avatars, as defined in Section 2 of the Creator Terms), trademarks, design, information, artwork, data, code, products, software, and all other elements of the Services, including the rights therein and any derivatives thereof, (“Roblox Intellectual Property” or “Roblox IP”) are protected by law and the Roblox Terms. All Roblox IP is the property of Roblox and Roblox’s licensors. Roblox IP includes UGC licensed to Roblox by Creators under the Creator Terms. Except as allowed in the Roblox Terms and any applicable Additional Terms, you may not use any Roblox IP contained in the Services unless you obtain separate permission in each instance from the owner. Roblox reserves all rights in/to the Roblox IP not granted in these Roblox Terms or elsewhere in Additional Terms.
UGC. The Services contain various forums, functionality, software, and other interactive features that allow you to create, upload, submit, publish, display, generate, transmit, or otherwise make available (“Publish”) UGC on the Services. For more information on these features, please also read Section 2 of the Creator Terms.
Any UGC Published on the Services must comply with the Roblox Terms, including the Roblox Community Standards, and must not be illegal, fraudulent, deceptive, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and must not consist of or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.”

Except as otherwise described in Roblox’s Privacy Policy or any applicable Additional Terms, (i) you agree any UGC that you Publish will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and (ii) you grant Roblox a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to host, use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, run, create derivative works of, distribute, and publicly perform or display such UGC throughout the world in any media for any business purpose in connection with operating, providing, improving, or publicizing the Services; however, Roblox will only share personal information that you provide in accordance with Roblox’s Privacy Policy.

You represent and warrant that, at the time of Publishing UGC, (i) you own or otherwise control all the rights in/to the UGC; (i) the UGC is accurate and not fraudulent or deceptive; and (iii) the UGC does not violate these Terms, any applicable laws, or the rights of any third party, including intellectual property, privacy, and publicity, and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You understand that in certain situations your UGC may be copied by other Users of the Services and discussed on and outside of the Services. If you do not have the right to submit UGC for such use, Publishing such may subject you to liability. Roblox takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any UGC Published by you or any third party. Roblox has the right but not the obligation to monitor, modify, or remove any UGC on its Services, and it may exercise these rights at any time, without notice or liability to you or any third party.

In-Experience UGC. Some Experiences allow for Users of that Experience to Publish UGC within the Experience. Such Users who separately Publish UGC within an Experience hereby grant both Roblox and the Creator of the applicable Experience a worldwide, perpetual, royalty free, and irrevocable right and non-exclusive license to use and exploit the UGC in any manner or media without any obligation, including any obligation to pay royalties or other compensation to any person or party. If such Users create a Modified Classic Avatar (as defined in Section 2 of the Creator Terms), the User hereby assigns all right, title, and interest in that Modified Classic Avatar to Roblox; Roblox in turn grants a non-exclusive license to both User and Creator to use and exploit that Modified Classic Avatar on the Services without any obligation (except those otherwise specified in these Roblox Terms), including any obligation to pay royalties or other compensation to any person.
Copyright Infringement / Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
Notice. We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and we ask you to do the same. If you are a copyright owner or an agent of a copyright owner and believe that any content on the Services infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notice pursuant to the DMCA by contacting our Copyright Agent by email at copyright_agent@roblox.com or mail at Legal, 970 Park Place, Suite 100, San Mateo, CA 94403. You may also contact us by phone at (888) 858-2569. If a copyright owner is under the age of 13, a DMCA notice must be submitted by a parent, guardian, or other adult representative. Your notice must include the following information:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other right being infringed;
A description of the copyright-protected work or other intellectual property right that you claim has been infringed;
A description of the material that you claim is infringing and where it is located;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of those materials is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, your DMCA notice may not be valid. See 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for further details. We may send a copy of your DMCA notice, including any contact information you provide, to the individual responsible for the reported content.

Counter-Notice. If your content was removed or disabled as a result of a DMCA notice, and you believe that your content is not infringing or that you have the proper authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law to Publish and use the material in your content, you may send a counter-notice to our Copyright Agent by email at copyright_agent@roblox.com or mail at Legal, 970 Park Place, Suite 100, San Mateo, CA 94403. Any counter-notice submitted on behalf of a User under the age of 13 must be submitted by a parent, guardian, or other adult representative. When our Copyright Agent receives a counter-notice, we may send a copy of the counter-notice, including any contact information you provide, to the original complaining party informing that party that we may, in 10 business days, replace the removed content or stop disabling it. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the provider of the content, the removed content may be replaced or access to it restored, in our sole discretion, within 10 to 14 business days or more after our receipt of the counter-notice.
Trademark Infringement. If you are a trademark owner, or an agent of a trademark owner, and believe that any content on the Services infringes upon your registered trademark(s), please submit a trademark infringement notice to our Trademark Agent at trademark_agent@roblox.com or Legal, 970 Park Place, Suite 100, San Mateo, CA 94403. When you contact us, please provide the following information in your notice:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the trademark;
A description of the trademark right that you claim has been infringed, including the country in which the trademark is registered and the registration number, if applicable;
A description of the content that you claim is infringing and where it is located;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the use of such content is not authorized by the trademark owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you that the above information in your notice is accurate and that, under penalty of perjury, you are the trademark owner or authorized to act on the trademark owner’s behalf.
Note that Roblox is not in a position to mediate disputes between Users and the holders of trademark rights. However, we take intellectual property rights seriously, and, upon receipt of a valid trademark infringement notice, we will investigate and may remove content that engages in trademark infringement. Note that for the purpose of a trademark infringement report you must be the owner of a registered trademark or their agent, pending trademark applications are not sufficient.

Repeat Infringer Policy. Roblox’s intellectual property policy is to: (i) remove or disable access to content that Roblox knows to be infringing on the intellectual property rights of third parties or that has been identified in a valid DMCA notice submitted by a valid copyright owner or their agent; and, (ii) in appropriate circumstances, to suspend the Accounts of and block access to the Services by any User who repeatedly or egregiously infringes the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of third-parties.
Feedback. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding or relating to the Services is entirely voluntary, and we will be free to use such feedback, comments, or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
Online Safety
Roblox cares about the safety of its Users. If you see any content or materials on the Services that appears to recruit, entice, advertise, or solicit any person to perform a sexual, violent, or illegal act, please contact Roblox Support and select the “User Safety Concern” help category to immediately report the User and situation.
Community Standards. To keep its Users safe, Roblox has created certain Community Standards to outline how Users should behave on the Services and what conduct is and isn’t allowed on the Services. These Community Standards, which are incorporated into these Terms, may be found here. Any violation of the Community Standards is considered a violation of the Roblox Terms and may result in Account suspension or termination.
Parental Controls. The Roblox Community is made up of Users of all ages. We work hard to create a safe and fun environment for all. To help foster this community, we provide Users and their parents/guardians with numerous safety features and controls. More information about these features may be found here.
License to and Restriction of Services.
License to the Services. Subject to your compliance with these User Terms or any Roblox Terms, Roblox grants you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use the Services on devices that you own or control for your personal, entertainment use, including and solely in connection with the Services, the right to download and use software that Roblox makes available for download as part of the Services, in object code form only.
Restrictions of Use. In addition to any other restrictions set forth in the Roblox Terms or any Additional Terms, Users may not (a) lease, lend, sell, redistribute, or sublicense any part of the Services; (b) copy, modify, distribute, publicly perform or display, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, or create derivative works of the Services or related or implemented technology; (c) circumvent any technological measure designed to protect the Services or any technology associated with the Services; (d) reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, adapt, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to any Services’ source code, in whole or in part (unless a portion of code contained within the Services is released as open source and the open source license governing such code expressly permits reverse engineering, copying or other modification); (e) use the Services to create malicious or abusive content (as determined by Roblox in is sole discretion) or any content that violates these Roblox Terms, Additional Terms, guidelines, or policies; or (f) use the Services (or any part thereof or any technology contained therein) in any manner that infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any intellectual property right or other right of any person, or that violates any applicable laws.
Third-Party Services.
Third-Party Services. Some parts of the Services may include or make available content, tools, or other materials, including but not limited to Experiences, from third parties (people or companies other than Roblox) (“Third-Party Services”). Depending on a User’s age, this could include links to other websites, features that let a User link their User Accounts to other accounts (like Facebook), or third-party buttons (e.g., “like” or “share”). As described in this Section 9, Roblox neither controls nor takes responsibility for any Third-Party Services, including without limitation how a third party may collect, use, or store User information. You understand that your use of the Services and, by extension, Third-Party Services, may subject you to fees, terms, and/or policies, such as a privacy policy, that are not controlled by Roblox. By your use of the Services and integrated Third-Party Services, you agree to pay any fees and to follow any terms, conditions, and policies presented by those Third-Party Services.
Disclaimer. You understand that by using the Services, you may come across Third-Party Services that (i) may be considered offensive, or objectionable; (ii) may or may not be identified as having explicit language; (iii) may contain links or references to objectionable material; (iv) may contain infringing content; (v) may not function properly or as intended; may contain viruses, malware, or other harmful code; and/or (vi) may not be available in all countries or languages. You agree to use the Services at your own risk User acknowledges and agrees that Roblox is not responsible for examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, availability, timeliness, validity, copyright, compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third-Party Services. Roblox does not warrant or endorse any Third-Party Services. You further agree that Roblox will not have any responsibility or liability to you in connection with such Third-Party Services, including any losses you may sustain as a result of using such Third-Party Services.
Notices.
Apple. If a User is using the Roblox mobile application (“App”) on an iOS device, User also acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Section. The Roblox Terms are between User and Roblox only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Services and the content of the Services. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance and support service with respect to the Services. If the Services fail to meet the applicable warranty, User may notify Apple, and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the App to User. Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Services. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by User or any third party relating to the Services or User’s use of the Services, including: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Services fail to meet any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any third-party claim that the Services or User’s use of the App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. User agrees to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of the Roblox Terms, and when User accepts the Roblox Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Roblox Terms against User as a third-party beneficiary. User hereby represents and warrants that (a) User is not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) User is not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Autodesk. Roblox Studio contains Autodesk® FBX® code developed by Autodesk, Inc. Copyright 2016 Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved. This code is provided “as is” and Autodesk, Inc. disclaims any and all warranties, whether express or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of third-party rights. In no event will Autodesk, Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including obtaining substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of such code.
PlayStation. This Section applies to Users accessing the Services on a Sony PlayStation® device. Purchase and use of items are subject to the Network Terms of Service and User Agreement. This online service has been sublicensed to you by Sony Interactive Entertainment America. Any content purchased in an in-game store will be purchased from Sony Interactive Entertainment Network Europe Limited (“SIENE”) and be subject to PlayStation™Network Terms of Service and User Agreement which is available on the PlayStation™Store. Please check usage rights for each purchase as these may differ from item to item. Unless otherwise shown, content available in any in-game store has the same age rating as the game. The Roblox Terms are between User and Roblox only, and not with any of Sony Computer Entertainment, Inc., Sony Computer Entertainment America LLC, and Sony Computer Entertainment Europe Ltd. (collectively, “SCE”). Roblox, and not SCE, is responsible for the Services. User is granted a limited license to use the Services only on a “System” (which includes PlayStation, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Portable (PSP), PlayStation Vita (PS Vita), and PlayStation Vita TV (PS Vita TV), including all iterations and server emulations of each) that User owns or controls or such other system to which the Services are delivered by the proprietary online network operated by SCE or its affiliates, accessible via the Systems and other devices. Each SCE Company is a third party beneficiary of the Roblox Terms.
Dispute Resolution (Between Users and Creators or Between Creators).
If a User has an issue with any Creator UGC (including Experiences or other Virtual Content), Users should first contact the Creator of the UGC directly to resolve the issue.
Escalation to Roblox. While Roblox is not responsible for the resolution of issues between Users and Creators or between Creators, Roblox wants to make sure that everyone enjoys the Services. Accordingly, Roblox has the right (but not the obligation) to intervene in issues between Users and Creators or between Creators to try to help resolve them. Before escalating any such issues to Roblox, Users should first make a real, genuine effort to work out a resolution with the Creator. If such attempt is unsuccessful, User may escalate the issue to Roblox’s Customer Service team by completing the Roblox Support Form. If Roblox chooses to intervene or take action in any dispute between a User and Creator or between Creators, User and Creator agree that Roblox’s decision (which may include deducting Robux from the Creator and crediting Robux to the User) is final, and Creator and User will accept that decision. Users and Creators agree to work with Roblox in a timely manner to resolve all such issues, and failure to do so shall be a violation of the Roblox Terms.
Dispute Resolution (Between User and Roblox); Arbitration Agreement; Class Action Waiver.
Except as otherwise permitted in the Roblox Terms, you agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy you may have with Roblox arising under or relating in any way to the Roblox Terms or the Services (“Dispute”) will be governed and resolved through the Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution (“MIDR”) process (as outlined below).

FOR U.S. RESIDENTS ONLY: If the MIDR process has been completed but the Dispute remains unresolved, you agree that such Dispute will be determined through binding arbitration (as outlined below) and not through litigation. This agreement applies regardless of the legal theories involved in the Dispute and regardless of whether the Dispute is with Roblox, its subsidiaries, affiliates or parent company, or any suppliers or service providers involved with the Services, or their officers, directors, employees, agents, or successors. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY, INCLUDING IN A CLASS ACTION, FOR ANY DISPUTES SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISION BELOW.

Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution. We hope there’s never a Dispute between us. but if there is, we both recognize and agree that good faith, informal efforts to resolve Disputes often result in prompt, low-cost, and mutually beneficial outcomes. Therefore, we each agree that—before either of us may commence an arbitration or assert any claim in court, except as set forth in Section 11.a.vi, below—we will engage in the following MIDR process:
Notice. To initiate the MIDR process, the party with a Dispute must first give written notice to the other party.
To notify Roblox, you must send written notice to Roblox Corporation, Legal Department, 970 Park Place, Suite 100, San Mateo, CA 94403 by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (or international equivalent), providing: (a) the User’s full name, Roblox username, and any email or billing address associated with the User’s Roblox Account; (b) the name and contact information of the User’s counsel, if User is represented by counsel; (c) a brief description of the User’s Dispute and the resolution requested; and (d) the ticket or case number provided by Roblox Support to track previous attempts to resolve the Dispute, if there is one.
To notify a User, Roblox will send a written notice to the email address or billing address that the you provided to Roblox (or, if none is provided, through the messaging system on the Roblox Service); that notice will include (a) the name and contact information of Roblox’s counsel; and (b) a brief description of Roblox’s Dispute and the resolution requested.
Process. Both parties will then engage in the MIDR process. The MIDR process requires conferring in writing—or, if requested by either party, via teleconference or videoconference—in a good faith effort to informally resolve the Dispute. If either party is represented by counsel, that counsel may participate.
Confidentiality. All offers, promises, conduct, and statements made in the course of the MIDR process by any party, its agents, employees, and attorneys are confidential and not admissible for any purpose in any subsequent proceeding, provided that evidence that is otherwise admissible or discoverable shall not be rendered inadmissible or non-discoverable as a result of its use in the MIDR process.
Timing. The MIDR process shall occur within sixty (60) days of receipt of the written notice described in subsection i above, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by the parties. However, if a party is seeking injunctive relief on an emergency basis (for example, a preliminary injunction or temporary restraining order), the MIDR process with respect to that relief shall occur within three (3) business days of receipt of the written notice described in subsection i above, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by the parties. Any statute of limitations will be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution process described in this section.
MIDR Is a Mandatory Prerequisite to Arbitration or Litigation. If, after participating in the MIDR process, we have been unable to resolve the Dispute, either party may commence an arbitration (or litigation, if the claim falls within an exception to the Arbitration Agreement (as defined below)). However, if we have not engaged in the MIDR process as set forth in this section, the Dispute may not be submitted to arbitration, nor may a claim be filed in court, until the MIDR process occurs. User and Roblox understand and agree that any Dispute that has not first been subject to MIDR:
Shall not be accepted by the arbitration provider, and shall be deemed frivolous under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b); further, the arbitrator may allocate any arbitration fees and/or costs to any party that files a frivolous claim in violation of this Section 11.a; and
Shall be subject to dismissal if asserted in court.
Exceptions. If a Dispute involves a claim that asserts infringement of patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret rights, the User and Roblox are not required to participate in the MIDR process set forth in this section.
Arbitration Agreement. THE FOLLOWING APPLIES TO U.S. USERS ONLY. If there is a Dispute between us, and we’re unable to resolve it through the MIDR process described in subsection a. above, this subsection explains in detail the process for resolving that Dispute. Please read this section carefully; it’s important.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE ROBLOX TERMS, USER AND ROBLOX AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE THAT CANNOT BE RESOLVED THROUGH MIDR , WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AS SET FORTH HEREIN, RATHER THAN IN COURT. USER AND ROBLOX THEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND AGREE THAT USER AND ROBLOX MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST EACH OTHER ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR CLASS ARBITRATION.
This arbitration agreement and class action waiver (“Arbitration Agreement”) applies to all Users who are United States residents and, except as provided below, to all Disputes—regardless of (a) the legal theories involved in the Dispute, (b) when the Dispute arose, and (c) whether the Dispute is with Roblox, with Roblox’s subsidiaries, affiliates, or parent company, or with any suppliers or service providers involved with the Services (including any officers, directors, employees, agents, or successors).

Federal Arbitration Act; Interpretation; and Enforcement. This Arbitration Agreement is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.) (“FAA”), including its procedural provisions, in all respects. This means that the FAA governs, among other things, the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement and all of its provisions, including, without limitation, the class action waiver. State arbitration laws do not govern in any respect. Further, User and Roblox each agree that the Roblox Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce and will be governed by and construed in accordance with federal law to the fullest extent possible.
Arbitration Generally; Relief Available. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited pursuant to the FAA. However, an arbitrator can award, on an individual basis, the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief and statutory damages) and must follow the Roblox Terms as a court would. For the avoidance of doubt, the arbitrator can award public injunctive relief if authorized by law and warranted by the individual claim(s).
Arbitration Proceedings and Rules. Arbitrations will be administered by FedArb in accordance with FedArb’s Expedited Arbitration Rules and (if applicable) Framework for Mass Arbitration Proceedings ADR-MDL, except as modified by the Roblox Terms. In particular, the Framework for Mass Arbitration Proceedings ADR-MDL shall apply if five or more demands for arbitration are filed that share common factual or legal issues, and if counsel for the parties submitting those demands are the same or coordinated. Users can find more information at www.fedarb.com or by calling 1-650-328-9500.
Unless required by law, or unless the parties mutually agree otherwise in writing, any arbitration hearing—including oral arguments—will be conducted through video conferencing. If the arbitration hearing is conducted in person, it will take place in San Mateo County, California, if that is a convenient location for the User, or the county or parish where the User resides.

At the conclusion of the arbitration, the arbitrator will issue a written decision explaining the findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator’s decision is based.

Unless applicable law provides otherwise, the arbitration proceeding and all records pertaining to it—including but not limited to any documents prepared or produced in connection with the arbitration proceeding, as well as the hearing, the decision, and the arbitration award—will be confidential and will not be disclosed to any third party, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award.

Commencing an Arbitration. A party who has complied with the MIDR process described above and who wishes to start arbitration must submit a demand for arbitration and a copy of the User Terms to FedArb at https://fedarb.my.salesforce-sites.com/Roblox_DemandForm.
Fees and Costs. If you commence an arbitration in accordance with the Roblox Terms and Arbitration Agreement, you will be required to pay the first $50 of FedArb’s filing fee. Except as otherwise set forth in Section 11(a)(v) and this subsection, you will not be responsible for paying any other fees for the arbitration other than the filing fee; all other fees or expenses charged by FedArb will be paid by Roblox. Further, if FedArb determines that you are unable to pay any part of the filing fee, Roblox will pay that part too.
Users are otherwise responsible for their own costs and attorneys’ fees; Roblox will not pay such costs or attorneys’ fees unless ordered to do so by the arbitrator.

If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the claim or the relief sought is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose, the parties agree that the arbitrator may order the losing party to reimburse the prevailing party for all arbitration fees—as well as reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs. Further, in cases where a statute authorizes the award of attorneys’ fees or costs to the prevailing party, the arbitrator may award attorneys’ fees or costs pursuant to that statute.

The parties agree that FedArb has discretion to modify the amount or timing of any fees due under any applicable rules or fee schedules, and further agree not to oppose any modifications to the timing or amount of any fees due—provided that such modifications do not increase the fees to either party.

Delegation; Interpretation. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to the extent permitted by law to resolve all Disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of the Roblox Terms, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of the Roblox Terms is void or voidable; however, in the event of a Dispute about which particular version of the Roblox Terms you agreed to, a court will decide that specific question prior to the commencement of the arbitration. This Arbitration Agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted and will survive termination of the Roblox Terms.
Severability. If any provision of this Arbitration Agreement is found unenforceable, that provision will be severed, and the balance of the Arbitration Agreement will remain in full force and effect. If a court decides that applicable law precludes enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement as to any particular claim, then that claim must be severed from the arbitration, while the remaining claims will still be resolved through binding arbitration.
Opting Out. You may opt-out of the Arbitration Agreement entirely and litigate any Dispute with us by sending written notice to Roblox within 30 days of signing up for the Services for the first time. Thereafter, you may only opt-out of material changes to the Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice within 30 days after Roblox provides notice of those changes (unless a longer period is required by applicable law). In either case, to opt-out, a User must send a written notice entitled “Arbitration Opt-Out Notice” to Roblox Corporation, Legal Department, 970 Park Place, Suite 100, San Mateo, CA 94403 by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (or international equivalent). To be valid, the opt-out notice must be sent to Roblox from the User who wants to opt-out (or that User’s guardian) and include (a) the User’s full name, Roblox username, and email address, (b) a clear statement that the User wants to opt-out of the Arbitration Agreement, or wants to opt-out of a material change to the Arbitration Agreement, as applicable, and (c) the User’s signature (or the signature of the User’s guardian, if the User is a Minor). If opting-out of a material change, the notice must also identify the particular material change to which the User wants to opt-out. An opt-out notice applies only to the Arbitration Agreement; all other parts of the Roblox Terms will still apply to the User and Roblox. Further, an opt-out notice does not revoke or otherwise affect any previous agreement to the Arbitration Agreement. By opting out of a material change to the Arbitration Agreement, you agree to arbitrate any Dispute in accordance with the language of the last version of the Arbitration Agreement that you accepted.
Exceptions. The Arbitration Agreement shall be subject to the following exceptions:
Users and Roblox retain the right to participate in class-wide settlement of claims.
The Arbitration Agreement does not apply to Users who are not residents of the United States, or to Users who (pursuant to subsection ix above) properly opt-out of the entire Arbitration Agreement within 30 days of signing up for the Services for the first time.
If a Dispute is within the jurisdiction of small claims court, either the User or Roblox may (after engaging in the MIDR process) choose to take the Dispute to small claims court in the User’s county of residence, or in the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo.
If a Dispute involves a claim that asserts infringement of patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret rights, either the User or Roblox may assert the claim in federal or state court, as set forth in Section 15.
Timing for Raising Disputes. USER AND ROBLOX AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ARISES OR IT IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction, and Venue.
Except as otherwise provided herein, the Roblox Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles.
Except for small claims court actions, any Dispute that is not subject to the Arbitration Agreement as outlined in Section 11 above (including if the Arbitration Agreement is for any reason held to be unenforceable) may only be litigated in the federal or state courts of San Mateo County, California, and User and Roblox consent to jurisdiction in those courts for such purposes, except as otherwise provided by the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation.
Disclaimers; No Warranties.
UGC Disclaimer. Except as may be required by applicable law, Roblox is not liable for, nor is Roblox obligated to screen, approve, edit, or control any UGC that Users, Creators, or others Publish or otherwise make available on the Services. Roblox may, however, at any time, without notice, and without any obligation to User, remove, edit, block or suspend the availability of any UGC that Roblox thinks violates the Roblox Terms or is otherwise objectionable. User understands that when using the Services, User will see UGC from a variety of sources and understands that UGC could be inaccurate, offensive, or objectionable. User agrees to waive, and does waive, any legal or equitable right or remedy that User has or may have against Roblox regarding UGC. If notified by a User or content owner that UGC allegedly violates the Roblox Terms, Roblox may investigate and decide whether to remove the UGC (which Roblox can do at any time, without notice).
Experience Guidelines. The Services display to Users an age guideline and certain other descriptors about Experiences. A description of those age guidelines can be found here. The age guidelines or descriptors for an Experience may be modified from time to time, such as based on additional information reported to Roblox or changes made to the Experience by a Creator. User is solely responsible for reviewing the age guidelines and descriptors for an Experience to determine whether any such changes have been made. Roblox does not warrant the accuracy of the guidelines or descriptors. User acknowledges and agrees that Roblox is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, validity, or quality of any age guidelines or descriptors.
As Is. THE SERVICES AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND ON AN “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ROBLOX AND ROBLOX’S OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONSULTANTS, AFFILIATES, INVESTORS, BUSINESS PARTNERS, SUBSIDIARIES AND AGENTS (TOGETHER, THE “AFFILIATED PARTIES”) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE SERVICES AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING: (A) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND (B) ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE. THE AFFILIATED PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES OR ANY PART OF THE SERVICES, OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT OFFERED THROUGH THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY TRANSLATIONS OF CONTENT, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR FREE OF ERRORS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, AND DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY OF THOSE ISSUES WILL BE CORRECTED.
No Responsibility. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY USER FROM ROBLOX OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY REGARDING ANY OF THE AFFILIATED PARTIES OR ROBLOX THAT IS NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE ROBLOX TERMS. USER ASSUMES ALL RISK FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM USER’S USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES, USER’S DEALING WITH ANY OTHER USERS ON THE SERVICES, AND ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES. THESE LIMITATIONS APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitations of Liability.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL ROBLOX AND THE AFFILIATED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO USER FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO USER’S ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR USER’S INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICES OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ROBLOX HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, USER AGREES THAT THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ROBLOX AND THE AFFILIATED PARTIES TO USER FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PART OF THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE UNDER THE ROBLOX TERMS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO $1,000 USD (EXCEPT AS NOTED IN SECTION 11 ABOVE OR AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THE CREATOR TERMS).

Indemnification.
You agree that you will be responsible for your use of the Services, and you further agree to defend and indemnify Roblox and the Affiliated Parties from and against every claim, liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with: (a) your access to, use of, or alleged use of the Services; (b) your violation of any part of the Roblox Terms, any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in the Roblox Terms, or any applicable law or regulation; (c) your actual or alleged violation of any third-party right, including any intellectual property right, publicity or privacy right, property right, or confidentiality obligation; or (d) any Dispute or issue between you and any third party. Roblox reserves the right, at Roblox’s own cost, to take on the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you (without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with Roblox’s defense of that claim.
Notice to California Residents.
Complaints. If you are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by phone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve complaints regarding the Services or to get more information regarding your use of the Services.
Minors. If you are a California resident under the age of 18, you may request that Roblox remove certain personal content that you have publicly posted to the Services, and Roblox will comply with such request to the extent permitted and/or required by law. Such content may include personal information but does not include (a) anonymized information or (b) UGC that you have uploaded to the Services (as you have received consideration for providing it). To make such a request, please contact Roblox Support. The request must include your username and a specific description of the content that you want removed so that Roblox can find it. Roblox will not accept requests via postal mail, phone, or fax and may not be able to respond if you provide incomplete information. A request does not guarantee that the information you posted will be completely removed, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal, even if you make such a request.
Miscellaneous Terms.
General. These User Terms, together with all Roblox Terms, make up the entire agreement between you and Roblox regarding the Services and your use thereof. You may not assign these Roblox Terms or any of your rights hereunder by operation of law or otherwise without Roblox’s prior written consent. Roblox may assign the Roblox Terms at any time to anyone without notice or consent. This agreement is binding on and inures to the benefit of Roblox’s and your respective successors and assigns. If any part of these Roblox Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible (or, if it cannot legally be given any effect, will be severed from the Roblox Terms), and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect. Nothing in the Roblox Terms will be deemed to confer any rights or benefits on a third party (other than Apple as noted in Section 9.c.).
Termination; Survival. In the event of termination of these User Terms or any Additional Terms, as applicable, the rights and duties of Roblox and User to each other will terminate except that any part of the Roblox Terms or Additional Terms, which by their nature should survive termination, will survive, including Sections 6, 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14 and 15.
Waiver. No waiver of any part of the Roblox Terms by either User or Roblox shall be deemed a continuing or further waiver of any such part or any other part of the Roblox Terms, and Roblox's or User's failure to assert any rights or part of the Roblox Terms shall not be deemed or otherwise constitute a waiver of such right or part.
Interpretation. The section headers in these Roblox Terms are for convenience and will not impact the interpretation of these Roblox Terms. In all cases where Roblox is allowed to make a decision under these Roblox Terms, that decision is completely up to Roblox, in its sole discretion. The Roblox Terms are subject to applicable law, meaning that they apply except to the extent otherwise prohibited or required by applicable law. Unless the context dictates otherwise, whenever the word “including,” or similar is found in the Roblox Terms, it means “including, without limitation” and whenever the word “or,” is found in the Roblox Terms, it means “and/or.”
Compliance with Laws. When using the Services, you agree to comply with all applicable laws. User will not directly or indirectly export, re-export, or transfer the Services to prohibited countries or individuals (or allow either to use the Services). User hereby represents and warrants that (i) User is not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) User is not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Consent to Online Communications. By using the Services, you agree to receive certain electronic communications from Roblox as described in the Privacy Policy, (which are incorporated by reference into these User Terms, and by your use of the Services, you acknowledge that you have read). You further agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other messages that Roblox sends to you by electronic means shall satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that any time you electronically transact, agree, or consent via the Services, it is intended to be an electronic signature which binds you as if you had signed on paper.
Investigations; Cooperation with Law Enforcement. Roblox reserves the right to investigate and prosecute any suspected or actual violations of these Terms. Roblox may disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation, legal process, or government request.
Prevailing Language. To the extent any of the Roblox Terms are made available in multiple languages, in case of any discrepancies or conflicts between the English version of the Terms and any other language version, the English version will govern and prevail.
Contact Information.
The Services are offered by Roblox Corporation located at 970 Park Place, Suite 100, San Mateo, CA 94403. You can contact Roblox by sending any messages to that address, completing the Roblox Support Form, or by calling Roblox at (888) 858-2569. If you are a California resident, you may have the Roblox Terms e-mailed to you by sending a request, including your email address, to the address above.
CREATOR TERMS
Creators are the heart of the Roblox community, and we created the following terms (“Creator Terms”) to set forth the rules and guidelines for creating and Publishing UGC on the Services as well as the use of UGC or other Roblox IP or content on the Services. These Creator Terms apply to all Users of Roblox.

In addition to these Creator Terms, Creators must also abide by the User Terms, both in their capacity as a Creator and as a User of the Services, and any Additional Terms (such as Roblox’s Advertising Standards, Biometric Policy, and DevEx Terms), as may be applicable.

Please note that Supplemental Provisions apply to: (i) a User's interactions with UGC Published on the Services by creators that use Luobu Studio and to a Creator’s submission of UGC to the Luobulesi Game for distribution in the People’s Republic of China (See Appendix A); (ii) Users in Japan (See Appendix B); and (iii) Users in the EU/EEA and the United Kingdom (collectively referred to as “Europe”) (See Appendix C).

Definitions
Any capitalized words not defined herein take the meaning given to them in the User Terms or the Roblox Dictionary.
Intellectual Property.
Roblox Services; Ownership; License.
Roblox IP. Terms outlining the ownership of Roblox IP are set forth in Section 6.a. of the User Terms.
Roblox Studio. Roblox provides Creators with a free software tool (“Studio”) that allows them to create, develop, modify, operate, and Publish Experiences and 3D Virtual Content (collectively encompassed by “UGC,” as that term is originally defined in the User Terms) on the Services. Roblox owns and/or controls all rights in/to Studio and all elements contained therein. Subject to Creator’s compliance with these Creator Terms, Roblox grants Creator a non-exclusive, limited, revocable, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to use Studio solely for the purpose of creating, developing, modifying, uploading, and Publishing Creator’s UGC on the Services (“Studio License”). Creator may only use Studio in a way consistent with these Creator Terms.
Roblox Templates. “Templates” are made available by Roblox (generally via Studio) and serve as a starting point that Creators can use to more easily create UGC. Roblox owns or controls all rights in all Templates and all elements contained therein and makes Templates available to Creators pursuant to the Studio License. Creators may only use Templates in a way consistent with these Creator Terms. Using a Template does not give Creator any ownership rights in/to that Template.
Roblox Classic Avatars. Roblox has created, owns all intellectual property in, and makes available to Creators for use solely on the Services certain models, which include (a) avatars derived from a model constructed out of only 6 parts (known generally as “R6” avatars); (b) avatars derived from a model constructed out of only 15 parts (known generally as “R15” avatars); and (c) subject to subsection 2.b below, any derivatives thereof (to be determined in Roblox’s sole discretion) that are based on or derived from the following body forms developed by Roblox, as may be revised by Roblox from time to time and as further described in the following links:
Roblox Boy: https://www.roblox.com/bundles/109/ROBLOX-Boy;
Roblox Girl: https://www.roblox.com/bundles/108/ROBLOX-Girl and https://www.roblox.com/bundles/282/ROBLOX-Girl 
Roblox Man; https://www.roblox.com/bundles/238/Man;
Roblox Woman: https://www.roblox.com/bundles/239/Woman;
(collectively, “Classic Avatars”).

Subject to the rights Creator grants to Roblox in subsection 2.b below, Roblox grants Creators (a) the right to use such Classic Avatars as avatars solely on the Services; (b) the right to alter, customize, and modify such Classic Avatars (each a “Modified Classic Avatar”) solely for the purpose of using such Modified Classic Avatar on the Service or as otherwise permitted under these Creator Terms; and (c) the non-exclusive right to apply Creator’s UGC to Classic Avatars and Modified Classic Avatars on the Services only.

Roblox further grants the Creator of each Modified Classic Avatar a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable license to use such Modified Classic Avatar solely on the Services and as otherwise permitted under these Creator Terms. Roblox reserves all rights in Classic Avatars and Modified Classic Avatars not expressly granted herein, including the exclusive right to create derivative works incorporating Classic Avatars and Modified Classic Avatars.

Creators shall in no event use Classic Avatars or Modified Classic Avatars (including any portions thereof) in connection with any off-Services physical or digital merchandise, motion picture, television program, theatrical play, book, or other publication, in each case whether for giveaway or compensated access (including license or sale). Creator hereby represents and warrants not to make any such use of Classic Avatars or Modified Classic Avatars.

Other Roblox Content. Roblox, at its sole discretion, may create, develop, and make available on and through the Services other content (“Other Roblox Content”). Subject to Creator’s compliance with these Creator Terms, Roblox grants Creator a non-exclusive, limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use such Other Roblox Content solely on the Services and in connection with Creator’s UGC (“Other Content License”). Creator will not be entitled to any payment or compensation for Creator’s use of Other Roblox Content (including any modifications or enhancements thereto).
Roblox Trademarks. Creators are prohibited from using the name “Roblox,” “Blox,” and any name similar to Roblox (to be determined in Roblox’s sole discretion), in the titles of any Experiences. Subject to the foregoing restriction and Creator’s adherence to the Roblox Name and Logo Guidelines, Roblox hereby grants Creator a non-exclusive, personal, limited, revocable, non-transferable license to use Roblox trademarks, whether registered or unregistered, solely for use within Creator’s Experience(s) on the Services, including in connection with the creation of Virtual Content (“Roblox Trademark License”). All goodwill arising from any use by Creator of any Roblox trademarks will inure solely to Roblox. Use by Creator of any Roblox trademarks outside of the Roblox Services (including a trademark that may be contained in the title of a Creator’s Experience) is permitted only as set forth in the Roblox Name and Logo Guidelines.
For Experiences Published Prior to June 22, 2022: Notwithstanding the foregoing and subject to Creator’s continued compliance with these Creator Terms, the Roblox Name and Logo Guidelines, and all other Roblox Terms, any Creators who Published Experiences on the Services prior to June 22, 2022 that contained “Roblox,” “Blox,” or similar names in their title may continue to keep such name(s). To each Creator of such Experience Roblox hereby extends the Roblox Trademark License to cover use in connection with the title of your Experience.

Termination of License. Roblox reserves the right to terminate or modify the Studio License, Template License, Other Roblox Content License, and Roblox Trademark License at any time and for any reason.
User-Generated Content (UGC).
Ownership of UGC. Except for Modified Classic Avatars and subject to the rights and licenses Creator grants in these Creator Terms (and any applicable Additional Terms), as between Creator and Roblox or Creator and Users, Creator retains all copyrights that Creator may hold in any UGC that Creator has ever created or will create (whether alone or with others) and Publishes or makes available on the Services (excluding any non-UGC Roblox IP that may be contained therein).
Roblox License to UGC. In consideration for the use of the Services and Creator’s potential to earn Robux, Creator grants Roblox a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license (with the right to sublicense to any person or entity, including without limitation other Users and Creators) to host, store, transfer, translate, run, localize, publish, publicly display, publicly perform (including by means of digital audio transmissions and on a through-to-the-audience basis), reproduce (including in timed synchronization to visual images), modify, adapt, create derivative works of, enhance, distribute, and use for any business purpose related to the Services (including, but not limited to, in connection with operating, providing, improving, or publicizing the Services or Roblox) any UGC, in whole or in part (including any incorporated or associated trademarks and underlying source code), that Creator Publishes or makes available on/through the Services.
Notwithstanding the above, Creator also grants to Roblox the exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, fully paid, sublicensable right to apply Creator’s UGC to a Classic Avatar or Modified Classic Avatar, whether on or off the Services; provided, however, that Roblox’s off-Services right specifically excludes the right to apply (a) shirts, pants, or T-Shirts designed by a Creator (excluding any Roblox IP that may be contained therein); (b) trademarks owned or controlled by a Creator; or (iii) copyrighted material owned or controlled by a Creator that has been published outside of the Services prior to the time that it was Published by Creator on the Services.

Subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, to the extent that a Creator has or obtains any right, title or interest in any Modified Classic Avatar, Creator hereby irrevocably assigns to Roblox all such right, title and interest. This assignment includes all intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights therein, including rights in any licenses that such Creator may have granted. It also includes rights in any Modified Classic Avatar developed under prior versions of these Roblox Terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Roblox may, in its sole discretion, permit a Creator who has customized a Classic Avatar or Modified Classic Avatar so that it no longer appears similar to a Classic Avatar or Modified Classic Avatar (or any derivatives thereof, all as determined by Roblox in its sole discretion) to receive all right, title and interest in such customized Classic Avatar or Modified Classic Avatar, subject to Creator granting Roblox the perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license discussed in this Section.

Creator also agrees to make its UGC available in any media or channel of distribution now known or hereafter developed in connection with the publicity and marketing of the Services or Roblox as permitted herein, even if Creator has exercised a right to be forgotten under the GDPR or equivalent right under other privacy laws (all the foregoing paragraphs in this section collectively, the “UGC License”).

Roblox’s right to market and advertise the Services or Roblox using Creator’s UGC (excluding Modified Classic Avatars) (“Ancillary Use”) will not include using such UGC in marketing and advertising that is focused solely on promoting Creator’s UGC (as reasonably determined by Roblox) as part of the Services without Creator’s approval, but Roblox can generally reference, as determined by Roblox in its sole discretion, Creator’s UGC with other UGC or material (and without Creator’s approval) to promote, market or advertise the Services or Roblox. Roblox may also use Creator’s UGC for non-commercial and educational uses to promote the Services (and Roblox will reasonably determine whether a use is non-commercial or educational). Other than the potential to earn Robux, Roblox is not required to give Creator any attribution or compensation for any reason nor is Roblox required to use the license Creator grants in this Section or exploit any of the rights granted herein.

Creator retains the right to delete or update any or all content within an Experience at any time and at Creator’s discretion (and Creator will delete or update such content if required by law), provided that regardless of any such update or deletion having occurred, and regardless of any termination of these Creator Terms or termination or suspension of Creator’s Account: (i) Virtual Content created by Creator which was validly purchased or otherwise validly obtained by a User may continue to be accessed and used by such User indefinitely (or, in the case of UGC Subscriptions, for the duration of the purchased subscription period) in accordance with and subject to the terms and policies of the Services; and, (ii) Roblox’s right to use any UGC or other content that is already in use by Roblox pursuant to a license or otherwise in accordance with these Roblox Terms or already in use by Roblox as part of an Ancillary Use shall continue in perpetuity.

In addition to Roblox’s right to grant sublicenses for Creator’s UGC, Creator, when Publishing certain UGC onto the Service, may be asked if Creator would like to share such UGC directly with other Users. Creator is not required to do so, but if Creator does agree to grant this right, then other Users may use Creator's UGC to create their own Experiences and other UGC on the Services without any further obligation to Creator.

Where Creator’s Virtual Content is sold or otherwise provided to a User, Creator agrees that, pursuant to the rights granted to Roblox herein and regardless of whether the Virtual Content was sold or provided by Creator to the User, Roblox may allow the User to continue to access and use such Virtual Content indefinitely (in accordance with and subject to the Roblox Terms) even if the Virtual Content is no longer otherwise accessible on the Services.

Roblox’s rights under this UGC License shall expressly survive if Creator's Account is terminated due to Creator's breach or violation of these Creator Terms or any of the Roblox Terms.

Through-to-the-Audience Rights. The rights Creator grants in these Creator Terms are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third-party services won’t have separate liability to Creator or anyone else for UGC that Creator has made available on the Services or used on Third-Party Services via Roblox’s Services.
Authorization to Publish UGC to Services. Creator must not Publish or otherwise make any UGC available on the Services if Creator is not the owner of or is not fully authorized to grant rights in all parts of that UGC. Without limiting Creator’s obligations under Section 9 of these Creator Terms (and all other obligations set forth in the Roblox Terms), Creator agrees to pay all amounts owed to any person as a result of Creator Publishing or making UGC available on the Services.
Suspension of UGC Availability. Roblox may, in its sole discretion, suspend availability of or delete any UGC or other content on the Services at any time and for any period of time, including in perpetuity, without notice if such UGC or other content violates any laws or intellectual property rights or principles or any guidelines or policies associated with the Services or if Roblox determines in its sole discretion that such UGC does or may cause harm to Users, the Services, or to Roblox’s reputation. Roblox is and shall be under no obligation of any kind to Creator for suspending any UGC in accordance with this Section.
Limitations on Use of UGC. Notwithstanding Creator’s ownership of UGC (other than Modified Classic Avatars and the right to apply Virtual Content and other UGC to Classic Avatars and Modified Classic Avatars) as set forth above and without limiting any other limitations set forth herein, Creator shall in no event use Creator’s UGC (in any medium or format, including on or off the Services): (a) in a manner that is offensive, defamatory, sexually explicit, or otherwise objectionable (in each case, as determined by Roblox in its sole discretion);  (b) in connection with false, defamatory, libelous or slanderous statements concerning Roblox; or (c) in a manner that is intended or reasonably likely to suggest or imply that Creator is affiliated with Roblox or that Roblox endorses Creator or its use of the applicable UGC.
Infringement and DMCA. Roblox fosters creativity and respects the intellectual property rights of others, including Creators. Any copyright owner or an agent of a copyright or trademark owner (including other Creators who are owners or agents of a copyright or trademark owner) who believes that any content on the Services (including UGC) infringes upon its copyrights or trademarks may submit a notification pursuant to the reporting process outlined in Section 6.d. of the User Terms. As referred to throughout the Roblox Terms, Roblox, in appropriate circumstances, may terminate the Accounts of Users (or Creators) who Roblox determines, in its sole discretion, are repeat infringers as contemplated by the DMCA.
Groups.
Definitions.
Group. For purposes of the Roblox Terms, a "Group" exists where Creators have joined together and, via a single email address, registered on the Services as a single unit for the purpose of releasing an Experience or other Virtual Content through the Services. For corporate accounts, the company (or other legal entity) named on the account is considered a Group.
Owner. Each Group must select an “Owner,” who shall be the individual or entity that controls the email address used to register the Group on the Services, to act on behalf of the Group. The Owner, in its sole discretion, may choose to transfer ownership of the Group at any time to a new owner; provided, however, that only one individual or entity may be the Owner of a Group at a time. If an Owner’s account is terminated pursuant to these Creator Terms, the Roblox Terms, or other applicable Additional Terms, Roblox may, in its sole discretion, designate another Owner of the Group; provided, however, that nothing will obligate Roblox to do so if Roblox, in its sole discretion, determines to terminate a Group.
Rights and Authority. By participating in a Group, each Creator grants the Owner (as such Owner may change over time) the sole and exclusive authority to act on their behalf to (i) authorize Roblox’s use of any UGC created by the Group as set forth in these Creator Terms or pursuant to any other agreement entered into between the Owner and Roblox; and (ii) receive payment for any activities undertaken or UGC sold by the Group on or through the Services. Group members hereby waive any claims they may have against Roblox for any payments made to an Owner by Roblox on behalf of the Group, and Group members agree to seek recovery of any such payments solely from the Group Owner. The authority granted to a Group’s Owner may be modified by separate agreement amongst Group members. Except as may be provided at law, any duty of accounting between a Group Owner and Group members will arise solely pursuant to a written agreement among the Group, and Roblox will not be bound by any such agreement.
Roblox Creator Economics.
Robux.
License to Robux. Creator’s license to use Robux in connection with the Services is set forth in Section 3 of the User Terms.
Earning Robux. Roblox allows Creators to earn Robux (“ Earned Robux”) by selling or monetizing certain UGC (including Virtual Content and access to Experiences) they create on the Services. Earned Robux consist only of those Robux that a Creator has received from (a) the direct sale, (b) other monetization, or (c) Engagement Based Payouts (“EBP” or “Premium Payouts”) of UGC it created (either alone or with a Group) on the Services in compliance with the Roblox Terms and any applicable Additional Terms. Robux acquired in other ways (such as via a stipend through a Roblox Premium membership, referral bonus, purchase of a gift card, or by trading/selling Virtual Content that you did not create) are not Earned Robux. Roblox may remove any Robux earned through a violation of the Roblox Terms or any applicable Additional Terms. For more information on monetizing UGC, please read the Developer Guides here.
Selling UGC. Roblox allows Creators to sell (i) access to Experiences; (ii) Virtual Content and (iii) other UGC they create on the Services, subject to the following:
Robux Allocation Roles: There are three roles involved in the sale of all UGC (except 2D Virtual Items (also known as “Classic Clothing”)) on the Services. Each role may be entitled to a share of the Robux generated from an applicable sale (“Robux Allocation”):
Creator: The Creator is the User or Group that created the UGC being sold.
Seller/Distributor: The Distributor is (i) the Creator (if the item is sold in an Experience the Creator also created); (ii) another Creator on the Services (if the item is sold in an Experience the Creator did not create); or (iii) Roblox (if the item is sold in Marketplace).
Platform: The Platform is always Roblox.
The above Robux Allocation does not apply to the sale of Classic Clothing, which consists of pants, shirts, and T-shirts. For any Classic Clothing sold in Marketplace, the Robux Allocation is split between the Creator and the Platform.

Changes to Robux Allocation. Roblox may, at any time upon notice to Creator (via any reasonable means), (a) change the Robux Allocation and/or (b) introduce features allowing certain elements of the Robux Allocation to be customized by those involved in a given sale.
Creator Responsibility for Sales on Services. Creator acknowledges that Roblox may on Creator’s behalf, display and host Experiences, Virtual Content, or other UGC created by Creator to be enjoyed by other Users on the Services. When a Creator receives Robux in connection with the sale of UGC to a User through the Services, the transaction is between the Creator and the User; Roblox only facilitates by providing the Services. If, in connection with a Dispute, Roblox returns Robux or real money to a User (or another Creator) for any UGC for which a Creator received Robux, Roblox reserves the right to deduct or withhold an equivalent amount of Robux from such Creator.
Random Virtual Items. Depending on User location, Creator may choose to provide Experiences that permit Users to acquire “random” Virtual Items (either with Robux or otherwise) (each, a “Random Virtual Item”). If a Creator provides the opportunity for a User to receive a Random Virtual Item, Creator must let Users know the odds of acquiring each type of Random Virtual Item available before a User engages in the transaction to acquire a Random Virtual Item.
By way of example only, if a Creator’s Experience allows a User to acquire a virtual marble that the User can then throw into a fountain to receive a Random Virtual Item, the Creator must disclose the odds of the User receiving each type of Random Virtual Item before the User throws the marble into the fountain.
Developer Exchange Program. Roblox allows certain Creators who satisfy specific criteria to participate in the Developer Exchange Program (“DevEx Program”). Subject to certain requirements, policies and limitations that Roblox establishes in its sole discretion, Creators participating in the DevEx Program may exchange Earned Robux for real currency based on an exchange rate determined by Roblox, in its sole discretion (the exchange rate and the general requirements, policies, and limitations of the DevEx Program are published here (“DevEx Terms”).
EBP or Premium Payouts. EBP or Premium Payouts is a program by which certain eligible Creators can generate additional Earned Robux based on how engaging their Experience is. The EBP or Premium Payouts program may be modified or terminated by Roblox at any time, in its sole discretion, and with no obligation to any Creators because of such termination or modification. More detailed information on the EBP Program may be found here.
Disclaimer. Developing Experiences or UGC that Users will enjoy or spend time in is difficult and can take a lot of time. Roblox makes no promises that a Creator's Experience or UGC will be successful in developing a large audience or that the time, effort, and expense that a Creator spends developing, advertising, or operating an Experience will be financially successful.
Music on Roblox.
Licensed Music. Roblox may choose to make sound recordings and the musical works contained therein as well as sound effects (“Licensed Music”) available for Creator to use in Creator’s Experiences or other UGC. Creator’s use of the Licensed Music is subject to the following:
License. Roblox grants Creator (i) a non-exclusive, personal, limited, revocable, non-transferable license only to synchronize Licensed Music into an Experience or other UGC (“UGC With Licensed Music”), solely by and through the Services and only during the period when Roblox makes such Licensed Music available; and (ii) the right to play, listen, and interact with UGC With Licensed Music, but only on the Services and only during the period when Roblox makes such Licensed Music available. Creator is not required to provide attribution for Licensed Music used by Creator in any Experience or other UGC, but Creator may do so at Creator’s discretion. For example, if Roblox identifies the owner of Licensed Music as APM Music, Creator can message that the Licensed Music is provided “Courtesy of APM Music.”
Revocation (Loss) of License. As Licensed Music is licensed by Roblox from third parties, Creator’s rights to use Licensed Music is revocable at any time and for any or no reason, in Roblox’s sole discretion, without any liability to Creator. If Roblox revokes Creator’s right to use Licensed Music (for any reason), Creator agrees to immediately (a) remove such Licensed Music from Creator’s Experience or other UGC and (b) cease all use of such Licensed Music on the Services. Roblox will try to provide Creator with advance notice before revoking any usage rights to Licensed Music, but Roblox reserves the right to do so with no advance notice. Roblox further reserves the right to remove any Experience or other UGC With Licensed Music from the Services at any time, in its sole discretion, and without any liability to Creator. Additionally, Roblox can revoke Creator’s rights to all or part of the Licensed Music (with or without notice) without any liability to Creator, (x) if Roblox determines that Creator’s use of such Licensed Music may violate any Roblox Terms, guidelines, or policies; (y) if Roblox otherwise determines that such Licensed Music may harm the Services or Roblox’s reputation; or (z) if the Licensed Music is no longer available for distribution on the Service.
250 Track Limit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Creator may not use Licensed Music to create a streaming service or music library within an Experience or other UGC, nor may Creator charge Users to listen to a specific track of the Licensed Music. Creator has the right to place, play, and have played up to 250 distinct tracks of Licensed Music at any one time in a single Experience or other UGC With Licensed Music. Creator can replace existing tracks of Licensed Music in an Experience or other UGC with new tracks at any time, provided that at any one time there are no more than 250 tracks in such Experience or UGC With Licensed Music.
Synchronization of the Licensed Music. Creator may synchronize the Licensed Music into an Experience. Without limiting the foregoing, Creator may use a portion of a track of Licensed Music or sample portions of Licensed Music.
Use on the Services. Creator may only use Licensed Music on the Services. Creator agrees that it will not export, extract, download, or provide a way for anyone else to export, extract, or download the Licensed Music for use anywhere outside of the Services.
Music Written/Owned by Creator. The following applies to musical works written or otherwise owned by a Creator (and/or others with whom Creator has collaborated on such musical work) (“Musical Works”) that a Creator Publishes (or attempts to Publish) for use on the Services.
Creator as Sole Composer. If Creator is a sole composer and/or writer of a Musical Work that Creator Publishes on the Services and Creator is affiliated with a performing rights organization (“PRO”) that represents the Musical Work, then Creator must notify Creator’s PRO in writing of the royalty-free license that Creator grants to Roblox through these Creator Terms. Creator is responsible for complying with Creator’s PRO’s reporting obligations.
Creator as Non-Sole Composer. If Creator is not the sole composer and/or writer of a Musical Work that Creator Publishes on the Services, and Creator (and/or co-composers or co-writers) is affiliated with PRO that represents the Musical Work, Creator is responsible for ensuring that all co-composers and/or co-writers also notify their respective PROs in writing and Creator must have written proof of co-composers’ and/or co-writers’ approval to Publish and use the Musical Work on the Services.
Assignment to Music Publisher. If Creator has assigned Creator’s rights in/to a Musical Work to a music publisher, then Creator must obtain that music publisher’s written consent or cooperation to grant the royalty-free licenses outlined in these Creator Terms.
Record Label. If Creator is a recording artist under contract with a record label, then Creator is responsible for making sure that Creator’s use of the Services complies with the obligations that Creator has to Creator’s record label. Remember, just because Creator wrote a Musical Work or performed a sound recording does not mean Creator has the right to let Roblox use it.
Sound Recordings. If Creator owns the rights in and to a sound recording but is not authorized to license the sound recording or the underlying Musical Work(s) embodied in those sound recordings, then Creator must not upload or otherwise make those sound recordings available on the Services.
Representations & Warranties. If Creator uploads, synchronizes, or otherwise uses a sound recording and/or Musical Work, Creator represents and warrants that (a) Creator possesses all necessary rights needed to upload, synchronize, and otherwise use the sound recording(s) and/or the Musical Work(s) on the Services; (b) Creator fully owns and administers the worldwide rights in/to the sound recording(s) and/or the Musical Work(s) uploaded on the Services; and (c) that such sound recording(s) and/or Musical Work(s) are completely original and that the Publishing, upload, distribution, and use of such sound recording(s) and/or Musical Work(s) on the Services will not infringe upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to trademark, copyright, or any other intellectual property rights (including, without limitation, a PRO, a record label, a music publisher, or a union or guild).
Clearances; Payments. Creator is solely responsible for any necessary clearances and payments of any nature that may arise in connection with the use and synchronization of their original sound recording(s) and/or Musical Work(s) on the Services, including without limitation any and all distribution rights, mechanical rights, public performance rights, synchronization rights, and/or any other rights that may be claimed by a third party. Creator is also solely responsible for any union new use or re-use fees pursuant to the rules and regulations of any applicable union and/or guild agreements in connection with the Publishing, upload, distribution, synchronization, and other use of the sound recording(s) and/or Musical Works(s) on the Services.
Restrictions on Use.
In addition to any other restrictions set forth in the User Terms (including in Section 8.b. of the User Terms) or any Roblox Terms, Creator will not take any action in violation of these Creator Terms, including as set forth in this Section.

If we find an Experience in which a significant portion of Users are egregiously violating the Roblox Terms, Roblox reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to moderate the Experience if the developer does not take reasonable actions to limit the violative behavior.

Roblox wants all Creators to develop their own ideas. Unless Creator has express written permission or a written license from the content creator to do so, Creator must not copy or make any modification to someone else’s item, content, or UGC and Publish it as Creator’s own content. Roblox reserves the right to take any action against Creator for any improper copying of content, including the suspension or termination of a Creator’s Account.

Disputes.
Between Creators and Roblox. Disputes between Creators and Roblox shall be handled according to Section 11 of the User Terms.
Between Creators and Users or Between Creators.
Issues with UGC. Creators are responsible for handling all issues, including User complaints, relating to their Experiences, Virtual Content, and other UGC Published on the Services in a quick and professional manner.
Return of Robux. If a Creator has acquired Earned Robux in connection with an Experience, Virtual Content, or other UGC, and, pursuant to a User complaint regarding that Experience Virtual Content, or other UGC, Roblox returns Robux to a User, Roblox has the right to deduct or withhold an equivalent amount of Earned Robux from such Creator.
Disputes With Creators or Users. If a Creator has a dispute with another Creator or a User, prior to commencing any litigation, Creator must first engage in a mediation with a recognized mediator or mediation service to try and amicably resolve the dispute. Such mediation requirement does not apply to disputes related to intellectual property takedown reports submitted under Section 6 of the User Terms. Roblox reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to resolve any dispute between Creators or between Creators and Users. Such resolution may result in suspension of Creator’s Account and/or any other action permitted by law, including but not limited to the recovery of civil or criminal penalties.
Escalation to Roblox. Notwithstanding the terms set forth in this Section, Users can escalate to Roblox disputes with Creators, as further described in Section 10.a. of the User Terms. If Roblox chooses to take action in any dispute between a User and Creator, both User and Creator agree that (i) Roblox’s decision (which may include deducting Robux from the Creator and crediting Robux to the User) is final, and (ii) they will accept that decision. Creator agrees to work with Roblox in a timely manner to resolve all such issues, and failure to do so shall be a violation of these Creator Terms.
Representations & Warranties.
Creator is responsible for Creator’s UGC, and represents and warrants that: (a) Creator is the creator and owner of, or has the necessary rights and permissions to grant Roblox the rights and license in Section 2.b.ii; (b) Creator’s UGC and the use of Creator’s UGC as described in these Creator Terms does not and will not: (i) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right; (ii) slander, defame, libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity, or other property rights of any other person; (iii) require Roblox to get licenses from, pay compensation, or provide attribution to any third parties; (iv) result in a breach of contract between Creator and a third party; or (v) cause Roblox to violate any law or regulation; and (c) Creator will comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations and the Roblox Terms (including without limitation these Creator Terms) in Creator’s use of the Services.
Indemnification.
Creator agrees to be responsible for Creator’s use of the Services and to defend and indemnify Roblox and the Affiliated Parties from and against every claim, liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with: (a) Creator’s access to, use of, or alleged use of the Services; (b) Creator’s violation of (i) any part of the Roblox Terms, including these Creator Terms, (ii) any representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in these Creator Terms, or (iii) any applicable law or regulation; (c) Creator’s violation of any third-party right, including any intellectual property, publicity, privacy, or property right, or confidentiality obligation; or (d) any Dispute or issue between Creator and any third party. Roblox reserves the right, at Roblox’s own cost, to take on the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by Creator (without limiting Creator’s indemnification obligations with respect to that matter), and in that case, Creator agrees to cooperate with Roblox’s defense of that claim.
Limitation of Liability.
IN NO EVENT WILL THE AFFILIATED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO CREATOR FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS), WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ROBLOX HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE.
THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE AFFILIATED PARTIES TO CREATOR FOR ALL CLAIMS (INCLUDING WARRANTY CLAIMS) OR CAUSES OF ACTION IS LIMITED TO (i) THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE BY Roblox TO CREATOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE TIME WITHIN WHICH CREATOR NOTIFIES ROBLOX OF A CLAIM, OR (ii) TO THE EXTENT THAT ROBLOX HAS NOT PAID CREATOR ANYTHING IN THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE TIME WITHIN WHICH CREATOR NOTIFIES ROBLOX OF A CLAIM, $1000 USD.

Privacy.
Your Data. Data that you as a Creator provide to Roblox through the Services is subject to the Roblox Privacy Policy, incorporated by reference herein. Additionally, depending on which tools or software you use on the Services to create Experiences or UGC, you may be subject to Additional Terms, including without limitation the Roblox Biometric Privacy Notice and the Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Notice.
Experience Data. For each Experience created by a Creator, and subject to the provisions of the Roblox Privacy Policy, Creator and Roblox shall both have the right to use data related to or obtained in connection with that Experience for their respective legitimate internal business purposes to support the Experience and for business analytics, such as: (i) for the improvement and development of the Experience; (ii) to comply with applicable laws (including law enforcement requests); (iii) to ensure the security of the Experience; and, (iv) to prevent fraud or mitigate risk. Creator agrees that, except as expressly set forth in these Creator Terms, Creator will not use or disclose any User data to any third party.
User Personal Information. If and to the extent a Creator receives any User personal information (“User PII”), Creator will not use User PII (i) to provide services to any third party; (ii) to build, help build, track or supplement any segments, profiles, or similar records on any individual User, device, or browser across the Services or any third party websites or platforms; (iii) to associate the behavior of any individual device or browser with any segment, profile, or similar record, or supplement any such record based on data of Users; (iv) to associate any data of Users with any other personal information of the User; or (v) for any unauthorized purpose in violation of any applicable law, including applicable privacy laws, or for any unauthorized purpose. Additionally, Creator shall be prohibited from selling, disclosing, sharing, renting, leasing, syndicating, modifying, reverse engineering, decompiling, lending, or otherwise altering any User PII.
California Consumer Privacy Act. Neither Roblox nor Creator shall knowingly sell any “personal information” (as that term is defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended) belonging to a User, and both Roblox and Creator have taken and will continue to take all reasonable measures to protect such personal information under their control or in their possession from unauthorized access by third parties.
Miscellaneous.
Experience Guidelines. The Services display an age guideline and certain other descriptors about an Experience, as described in the Experience Guidelines, which are incorporated herein by reference. Creator represents and warrants that it will provide accurate, complete, and up-to-date information in any Experience Questionnaire it submits to Roblox. Roblox reserves the right to modify age guidelines and descriptors from time to time in its sole discretion. Roblox does not warrant the accuracy of the guidelines or descriptors. Creator acknowledges and agrees that Roblox is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, validity, or quality of any age guidelines or descriptors. Creator further acknowledges that it is not entitled to any particular rating. Nothing herein, or in the Experience Guidelines, is intended to control or dictate the content of Creator’s Experience, for which Creator is solely responsible.
As Is. The Services are provided “AS IS” and Section 13 of the User Terms is incorporated herein by reference.
Survival. Any part of these Creator Terms which by their nature should survive termination, will survive, including Sections 2b, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12a.
Appendix A (China)
PURCHASE OF CHINA UGC
China UGC. From time to time, content (including Experiences, Virtual Items and In-Experience Items) created by creators (“China Creators”) that use Luobu Studio in the People’s Republic of China (excluding, for the purposes of these Roblox Terms, the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions and Taiwan, “PRC”) may be available for purchase by User on the Services (“China UGC”). Such China UGC will be specifically identified on the Platform. China UGC is published on the Platform and Services by Roblox rather than the China Creators themselves. As a result, when User purchases or acquires China UGC, some aspects are different from when User purchases other UGC. Additionally, although Roblox shall be deemed to be the “Creator” in respect of all China UGC (and Roblox provides the Virtual Items), Roblox has made special contractual arrangements such that if User has any problems or concerns regarding the purchase of any China UGC, User should first contact the applicable China Creator to attempt in good faith to resolve the issue. If User is not able to resolve any such complaints or issues with the China Creator, then User may escalate to Roblox Support. User agrees that if Roblox takes action to resolve any complaints or issues that Roblox’s decision is final and User agrees to abide by that decision.
CREATOR UGC ON THE LUOBULESI GAME
Option to distribute Creator’s China UGC on the Luobulesi Game. From time to time, Creator may be given the opportunity to make Creator’s Experiences and Virtual Content available to players (“China Players”) of the version of the Platform and Services published and operated in the PRC (“Luobulesi Game”) by Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited (the “China Publisher”). Publishing Creator’s Experiences and Virtual Content on the Luobulesi Game will be completely at Creator’s option, and Creator has no obligation to do so. Experiences and Virtual Content that Creator chooses to make available to China Players (“Creator’s China UGC”) will be subject to review in accordance with the Review of Creator’s China UGC subsection below. To the extent made available in the Luobulesi Game, Creator’s China UGC will be deemed published by the China Publisher. If a China Player purchases Creator’s China UGC, Creator may be eligible to earn Robux from Roblox in accordance with the Earning Robux for Creator’s China UGC subsection below. However, the purchase of Creator’s China UGC by a China Player will not establish any form of contractual relationship between Creator and that China Player. Rather, Creator’s China UGC will be sub-licensed to the China Player by the China Publisher. Sections 2(b) and 4 of the Creator Terms shall not apply to Creator’s China UGC to the extent that they are inconsistent with the subsections License of Creator’s China UGC and Earning Robux for Creator’s China UGC.
Requirements for distributing Creator’s China UGC on the Luobulesi Game. In order to make Creator’s China UGC available to China Players on the Luobulesi Game, Creator must have registered a real-name verified account with the China Publisher (as required by PRC laws and regulations) and have accepted the Terms of UGC Submission to Luobulesi Game (“China Game UGC Submission Terms”).
Submission of Creator’s China UGC. Creator may use the Services to submit Creator’s China UGC to the China Publisher for possible inclusion in the Luobulesi Game in accordance with the China Game UGC Submission Terms. All submissions of Creator’s China UGC for such inclusion are subject to Roblox’s, its licensees and the China Publisher’s (together, “Reviewing Entities”) review process, the China UGC Requirements, and policies set out on the forums operated by the Reviewing Entities for Creators.
License of Creator’s China UGC. Creator retains all copyrights that Creator may hold in Creator’s China UGC. Creator hereby grants and agrees to grant to Roblox a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free transferable license, with a power to sub-license through multiple levels to any person or entity (including, but not limited to, to the China Publisher), in respect of Creator’s China UGC, in whole or in part to:
License of Creator’s China UGC. Creator retains all copyrights that Creator may hold in Creator’s China UGC. Creator hereby grants and agrees to grant to Roblox a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free transferable license, with a power to sub-license through multiple levels to any person or entity (including, but not limited to, to the China Publisher), in respect of Creator’s China UGC, in whole or in part to:
use Creator’s China UGC and associated username to publicize or market the Services or Luobulesi Game, any UGC, and tangible items related to the Services or Luobulesi Game in any media or channel of distribution now known or hereafter developed in connection with the publicity and marketing of the Services or Roblox or the Luobulesi Game, even if Creator has exercised a right to be forgotten under the GDPR or equivalent right under other privacy laws. Roblox’s right to market and advertise the Services or Roblox using Creator’s China UGC will not include using Creator’s China UGC in marketing and advertising that is focused solely on promoting Creator’s China UGC (as reasonably determined by Roblox) as part of the Services without Creator’s approval, but Roblox can generally reference, as determined by Roblox, Creator’s China UGC with other UGC or material (and without Creator’s approval) to promote, market or advertise the Services, the Luobulesi Game or Roblox. Roblox may also use Creator’s China UGC for non-commercial and educational uses to promote the Services or the Luobulesi Game (and Roblox will reasonably determine whether a use is non-commercial or educational).
Through-to-the Audience Rights. All of the rights Creator grants in these Roblox Terms are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning that Roblox, its licensees, the China Publisher, and owners or operators of third party services will not have any separate liability to Creator or any other third party for UGC that Creator makes available on such third party services via the Service or the Luobulesi Game.
UGC Requirements. In addition to Creator’s compliance with these Roblox Terms, including, without limitation, Sections 5 and 8 of the Creator Terms, each item of Creator’s China UGC that Creator submits must comply with PRC laws and regulations and the China UGC Submission Checklist document (the “China UGC Requirements”).
Review of Creator’s China UGC. Any Reviewing Entity may review, filter and modify UGC as it sees fit before the China Publisher determines whether to distribute Creator’s China UGC to any China Player for publication on the Luobulesi Game in its sole discretion. The Reviewing Entity’s review and the China Publisher’s determination with regard to publication shall be final.
No obligation to distribute Creator’s China UGC. For the avoidance of doubt, neither Roblox nor its licensees have any obligation to permit distribution by China Publisher of any of Creator’s China UGC on the Luobulesi Game, and the China Publisher has no obligation to publish any of Creator’s China UGC on the Luobulesi Game.
Re-filtering of Creator’s China UGC. In the event of any change in applicable laws, regulations, China UGC Requirements, rules, policies, or for any other reason, the Reviewing Entities shall have the absolute discretion to (a) modify or filter published Creator’s China UGC on the Luobulesi Game; and/or (b) suspend or terminate the distribution and publication of any of Creator’s China UGC on the Luobulesi Game, in whole or in part, at any time. Any Reviewing Entity may contact Creator in connection with any action taken in accordance with this Section, and Creator may be given an opportunity to remedy or amend Creator’s China UGC and to resubmit it for publication.
Earning Robux for Creator’s China UGC. Creator may earn Robux from Roblox in connection with the purchase of Creator’s China UGC by China Players on the Luobulesi Game. These Robux shall be calculated in accordance with the DevEx Terms.
Group China UGC. The Owner of a Group also has authority to elect whether or not to accept the opportunity to make UGC created by the Group available on the Luobulesi Game for purchase by China Players in accordance with these Roblox Terms, and Section 3 of the Creator Terms shall continue to apply. For avoidance of doubt, Robux earned by Group UGC shall be generated in accordance with the DevEx Terms.
Appendix B (Japan)
Assignment and Assumption
Effective as of March 31, 2021 (the “Effective Date”), all of the rights, duties, interests, claims, and obligations of Roblox Corporation as an issuer of Robux (whether arising prior to or after the Effective Date) in connection with users in Japan are agreed to be transferred and assigned to, and assumed by, Roblox Godo Kaisha (“Roblox Japan”). By using the Services, User consents and approves the said transfer and assignment. On or after the Effective Date, Roblox Japan should be deemed as the issuer of Robux to Users in Japan.
Characteristics of Robux
In Japan, Robux can only be used for purchasing the Services which Roblox provides on the Platform. In relation to any of the Virtual Items, Experiences, and other things created by Creators (each, a “Creator Item”), User may use Robux to purchase Roblox services to make a Creator Item available on the Platform, provided that the Creator will be solely responsible for the Creator Item. The Roblox Terms, including, but not limited to, Section 4b of the Creator Terms, shall be interpreted to reflect the aforesaid principle.
“Earned” Robux and DevEx Program
If a Creator is allowed to participate in the DevEx Program and earn Robux under the DevEx Program, then the Creator may exchange Earned Robux for real currency as provided in Section 4c of the Creator Terms. It should be noted that Earned Robux are different from Robux as issued by Roblox Japan in terms of the fact that Section 4c of the Creator Terms only apply to Earned Robux.
Receiving Payments through the Services
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary as provided in the Roblox Terms, including, but not limited to, Sections 4a and 4b of the Creator Terms, payments by the User for a Creator Item shall be made to Roblox in consideration of Roblox’s services to make the Creator Item available to the User on the Platform, provided that the Creator assumes any and all responsibilities for the Creator Item, as though Roblox is acting solely as a facilitator by providing the Creator and the User with the Services. Roblox will make payments to the Creator, in accordance with Section 4 of the Creator Terms and any “share of the Robux” allocated to Roblox shall be interpreted to constitute Roblox’s commission from those payments for providing the Services, certain aspects of customer service, moderation, and other services.
Jurisdiction
If you are an individual (excluding one who accepts the Roblox Terms as a business or for business purposes), Section 12b of the User Terms will not apply insofar as it is considered to prejudice your interests unilaterally in violation of Article 10 of the Consumer Contract Act.
Limitation of Liability
If you are an individual (excluding one who accepts the Roblox Terms as a business or for business purposes), the phrase “to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law” as provided in Section 13b, 13c and Section 14 of the User Terms shall be interpreted to mean “unless we are held liable due to our intentional act or gross negligence.”
Priority
If there is any inconsistency or conflict between the Roblox Terms and the supplemental provisions, the supplemental provisions shall prevail.
Appendix C (EUROPEAN UNION/EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM)
Priority
If there is any inconsistency or conflict between the Roblox Terms and the supplemental provisions, the supplemental provisions shall prevail.
Legal Agreement
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Roblox Terms, User’s agreement to the Roblox Terms is signified by registering on the Platform.
User can register to the Platform by providing their date of birth, choosing a user name and a password and clicking on “Sign Up.” User can modify registration information via Account Settings at any time. User can access and download the Roblox Terms here.
Unless otherwise agreed upon, User can terminate the agreements concluded with Roblox regarding the use of the Services any time. The effective date of the termination depends on the selected Services.
Purchase of Robux and virtual items
User may have the ability to purchase Virtual Content in the Services using Robux. User can purchase Robux against the displayed price within the Services. When User selects one of the available amounts of Robux, User will be asked to complete the purchase within User’s Account and to select one of the available payment methods. Currently, Roblox offers payment via debit / credit card, PayPal, gift cards (for Roblox’s browser app), Google Play, iTunes, Amazon (for Roblox’ mobile apps), as well as in-app purchases for Roblox’s Xbox One app. In Robloxs’ reasonable discretion, Roblox may amend the available payment methods from time to time. The purchase contract will be concluded at the moment where User clicks on the “Pay Now” button (or other similarly designated purchase button) and the transaction is successfully completed. As a deviation from the Roblox Terms, in particular from Section 4 (a) of the User Terms and Section 4 of the Creator Terms, there will be a contractual relationship between Creators and Roblox. There will not be a direct contractual relation between Creators and Users. If you acquire Virtual Content and other things against payment of Robux, such acquisitions shall always be concluded between you and Roblox, and Creators shall always act on behalf of Roblox.
Absolute right in Robux
As a deviation from Section 3(e) of the User Terms, and except in connection with User’s violation of a Roblox guideline or policy or User’s breach of any of the Roblox Terms, Roblox may exercise Roblox’ absolute right in Robux in Roblox’s reasonable discretion only with effect for the future (i.e. no effect on Robux User already validly holds) and without effect to any notice, refund, compensation or liability Roblox may have to User under this Appendix C or binding applicable law. The remaining provisions of Section 3(e) of the User Terms shall remain unaffected.
DevEx
As a deviation from Section 4(c) of the Creator Terms, User may redeem Earned Robux for real currency based upon an exchange rate determined by Roblox and as potentially amended from time to time based upon requirements, procedures, and limitations established by Roblox in Roblox’s reasonable discretion with effect for the future (e.g. to compensate for inflationary fluctuations). The current exchange rate and the general requirements, policies, and limitations of the DevEx Program are published here.
User’s statutory rights and refundability of payments
If the Services do not function properly or are not as described or not in conformity with User’s agreement with Roblox, you may have additional statutory rights and remedies.
Nothing in the Roblox Terms shall limit any statutory rights to refunds Users may have under applicable law.
Limitation of liability
Sections 13(b)-(c) and 14 of the User Terms and Section 10 of the Creator Terms do not apply. In addition, the limitations of liability as set out in 2(g), 3(c) and (e), 4(d), 6(b), 9(b)-(c), 13(a) of the User Terms and 5(a)(ii) of the Creator Terms shall not apply. Instead, Roblox shall be liable for damages exclusively according to this clause.
Roblox’s liability is unlimited for damages arising out of death, injury to body or health based on a breach conducted by a legal representative or designated agent of Roblox, as well as for damages that arise from the lack of a guaranteed characteristic or in case of fraudulent intent.
Roblox’s liability is unlimited for damages caused by Roblox, a legal representative of Roblox, or designated agent of Roblox by intent or gross negligence.
In case of a slight negligent breach of a contractual core duty Roblox shall, except in the cases set out in this Section 7A, B and D of this Appendix C, only be liable to the amount of the typically foreseeable damage. Contractual core duties abstractly are such duties whose accomplishment enables proper fulfilment of the contract in the first place and whose fulfilment a contractual party regularly may rely on.
Liability pursuant to mandatory applicable law remains unaffected.
The limitation period for claims for damages shall be one (1) year, except in case of Section 7A, B and D of this Appendix C where the statutory statute of limitations shall apply.
Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Venue
As a deviation from Section 12 of the User Terms, to the extent that the mandatory law of User’s place of residence is more favorable than California law, the law of User’s place of residence shall apply.
To the extent that an agreement between Roblox and the User is considered a consumer contract in the meaning of Art. 17 Regulation EU 1215/2012, the choice of jurisdiction and venue pursuant to Section 12 of the User Terms shall not apply.
Resolution / Arbitration of Disputes
If User is a consumer (i.e. an individual who, in contracting with Roblox, is acting for purposes which are outside User’s trade, business, craft or profession), Section 11(b) and (c) of the User Terms shall not apply and Section 10 and 11(a) of the User Terms and 7(b) of the Creator Terms shall not exclude or limit any party’s recourse to the courts.
Roblox is neither required nor willing to participate in any alternative dispute resolutions schemes with a consumer arbitration panel. Rather, Roblox strives to resolve any conflicts as set out in Section 10 of the User Terms. However, please note that the European Commission has set up an Online Dispute Resolution platform http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ that provides information about alternative dispute resolution in the European Union that may be of interest.
Notice to California Residents
Section 16 of the User Terms does not apply.
Survival
In addition to the Sections listed in Section 17(b) of the Roblox Terms Section 7 of this Appendix C shall survive termination.
Consent to Electronic Communications
Section 17(f) of the User Terms does not apply. If Roblox has received User’s email address in the context of the sale of a product or a service, Roblox may use it for direct marketing of Roblox’s own similar products or services provided that Roblox has clearly and distinctly given User the opportunity to object, free of charge and in an easy manner, to such use of User’s email address upon their collection and on the occasion of each message in case User has not initially refused such use.
Right of withdrawal
If User is a consumer (i.e. an individual who, in contracting with Roblox, is acting for purposes which are outside User’s trade, business, craft or profession), User may revoke all concluded contracts under the following conditions
Information concerning the exercise of the right of withdrawal
Right of withdrawal. Subject to Section 13D, below, User has the right to withdraw from this contract within 14 days without giving any reason. The withdrawal period will expire after 14 days from the day of the conclusion of this contract. To exercise the right of withdrawal, User must inform Roblox (Roblox Corporation, Customer Support, 970 Park Place, Suite 100, San Mateo, CA 94403, or (888) 858-2569) of User’s decision to withdraw from this contract by an unequivocal statement (e.g. a letter sent by post). User may use the below-referenced model withdrawal form, but it is not obligatory. You can also electronically fill in and submit the model withdrawal form or any other unequivocal statement on our website through our Customer Support Form. If you use this option, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt of such a withdrawal on a durable medium (e.g. by letter) without delay.
To meet the withdrawal deadline, it is sufficient for User to send User’s communication concerning User’s exercise of the right of withdrawal before the withdrawal period has expired.

Effects of withdrawal. If User withdraws from this contract, Roblox shall reimburse to User all payments received from User, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from User’s choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by Roblox), without undue delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which Roblox is informed about User’s decision to withdraw from this contract. Roblox will carry out such reimbursement using the same means of payment as User used for the initial transaction, unless User has expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, User will not incur any fees as a result of such reimbursement.
If you requested to begin the performance of services during the withdrawal period, you shall pay us an amount which is in proportion to what has been provided until you have communicated with us your withdrawal from this contract, in comparison with the full coverage of the contract.

Model withdrawal form
(complete and return this form only if you wish to withdraw from the contract)

To Roblox Corporation, Customer Support, 970 Park Place, Suite 100, San Mateo, CA 94403.

- I/We(*) hereby give notice that I/We(*) withdraw from my/our(*) contract of sale of the following goods (*)/for the provision of the following service(*),
- Ordered on(*)/received on(*)
- Name of consumer(s)
- Address of consumer(s)

- Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper)
- Date

____
(*) Delete as appropriate.

Exceptions from the right of withdrawal. The right to withdrawal may not exist in respect of distance or off-premise contracts for the supply of goods made to User’s specifications or clearly personalized.
Expiry of the right of withdrawal. Please note that the right of withdrawal expires, in the cases of:
service contracts after the service has been fully performed but, if the contract places the User under an obligation to pay, only if the performance has begun with User’s prior express consent and acknowledgement that User will lose their right of withdrawal once the contract has been fully performed by Roblox.
contracts for the supply of digital content which is not supplied on a tangible medium if the performance has begun and, if the contract places User under an obligation to pay, where, (i) User has provided prior express consent to begin the performance during the right of withdrawal period; (ii) User has provided acknowledgement that User thereby loses User’s right of withdrawal; and (iii) Roblox has provided User with confirmation of the contract, which also states User’s consent to Roblox commencing performance of the contract before the expiry of the withdrawal period and confirmation of acknowledgement about the expiry of the right of withdrawal.
Copyright
Nothing in the Roblox Terms especially as regards Section 2(b) of the Creator Terms shall affect mandatory rights to remuneration for the use of copyrightable material .
Roblox reserves the right to text and data mining of the Platform and the Services and any kind of other provided content.
Compatible Devices
The User can find information about the compatible devices available to use the Services here.
EU Dissemination of Terrorist Content Online Regulation
Roblox has appointed DP-Dock COR Services GmbH in Germany as representative and point of contact according to Regulation (EU) 2021/784 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 29 April 2021 on addressing the dissemination of terrorist content online (Terrorist Online Content Regulation), which can be contacted here.
Repeated Misuse
In addition to Section 2(g) of the User Terms, Roblox may refuse to process (i) appeals or (ii) illegal content notices submitted by Users or non-Users that repeatedly or egregiously misuse Roblox’s appeal system or illegal content notice form. Examples of such misuse include frequently providing unsubstantiated notices or appeals, or abusive use of the appeals or notice system including submitting a high volume of appeals or notices without any information. Such refusals may take into consideration e.g. User’s historic use of the appeal system or illegal content notice form and the severity of the misuse. Refusal durations may vary depending on the degree of the violation. Roblox may also suspend or terminate the accounts of Users who repeatedly publish illegal content. Such suspensions and terminations may take into consideration e.g. User’s historic content violations and the severity of the misuse. Suspension durations may vary depending on the degree of the violation. Roblox will notify you in advance of a suspension or termination, unless it is not appropriate for us to do so, and if you disagree with such action, you have the opportunity to appeal.
Recommendations and Ranking of Virtual Content
Depending on the Roblox feature (e.g. features like the Marketplace versus Experience Search), Roblox uses different factors in order to provide Users and Creators the most relevant search results and recommendations. The category of factors and relative importance applied to each of them varies depending on the applicable search or recommendation feature. Furthermore, for some features, Roblox provides Users and Creators the option to modify the order of results or recommendations that are presented, which can be found in close proximity to the search or recommendation feature. See here for more information about how recommendations and ranking work on Roblox.
Notification and Appeal
In addition to Section 2(f) of the User Terms, whenever Roblox restricts access to Virtual Content, Roblox notifies User of such decisions and provides User with an opportunity to appeal. In addition to considering the violation at hand when applying making such decisions, Roblox also considers User’s historical use of Roblox and whether User has repeatedly violated Roblox policies. Continued violations of certain policies may result in a stricter consequence (i.e., a warning, followed by a timeout, followed by a suspension, etc.). E.U. Users may appeal such decisions for up to 6 months after Roblox’s initial decision. When reviewing an appeal request, Roblox holistically considers the severity of the violation, User's reason for appealing, and User’s behavior on the platform. Please note, in some circumstances, appeals may not be readily applicable — for example, a time-lapsed consequence such as a 20-minute timeout where the suspension has already been lifted. Where provided for by local laws, User may have the right to bring a claim for breach of contract against Roblox if Roblox restricts access to your Virtual Content, or suspends or terminates your account, in breach of the Roblox Terms and these supplemental provisions.
Residents of France
If after completing the Mandatory Informal Dispute Resolution process described in Section 11.a of the User Terms, a dispute remains, residents of France may refer the matter free of charge to the following mediator: IEAM (Institut d'Expertise, d'Arbitrage et de Médiation), 31bis-33 rue Daru 75008 Paris, https://www.ieam.eu/demande-de-mediation.
Summary of Recent Changes
User Terms

We have clarified when transfers of Accounts are permitted.
We have created a section to outline rights related to moderation on Roblox.
Creator Terms

We have clarified when we may moderate Experiences.
Appendix C (EUROPEAN UNION/EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM)

We have created a section to outline Roblox’s repeated misuse policy for EU Illegal Content Notices and content moderation appeals.
We have created a section to explain recommendations and ranking of Virtual Content.
For Users in France, we have information about mediation .
We are also making changes to other portions of the Roblox Terms to align with these changes. Please take some time to review them.
Opinion polling for the next United Kingdom general election is being carried out continually by various organisations to gauge voting intention. Most of the polling companies listed are members of the British Polling Council (BPC) and abide by its disclosure rules. The dates for these opinion polls range from the 2019 general election on 12 December to the present day.

Under the Dissolution and Calling of Parliament Act 2022, the next general election must be held no later than 28 January 2025. The Act mandates that, if it has not already been dissolved at the request of the prime minister, Parliament automatically dissolves five years after it first met (17 December 2024) and polling day occurs no more than 25 working days later.
Poll results are listed in the table below in reverse chronological order. The highest percentage figure in each poll is displayed in bold, and its background is shaded in the leading party's colour. The "lead" column shows the percentage point difference between the two parties with the highest figures. When a poll result is a tie, the figures with the highest percentages are shaded and displayed in bold.

Most opinion polls do not cover Northern Ireland, which has different major political parties from the rest of the United Kingdom. This distinction is made in the table below in the area column, where "GB" means Great Britain, which is made up of England, Scotland and Wales, and excludes Northern Ireland, and "UK" means United Kingdom, which includes Northern Ireland. Plaid Cymru only stand candidates in Wales and the SNP only stand candidates in Scotland. The parties with the greatest numbers of votes in the 2019 general election are listed here. Other parties are listed in the "Others" column.

"Green" in these tables refers to combined totals for the green parties in the United Kingdom, namely the Green Party of England and Wales, the Scottish Greens, and, for polls of the entire UK, the Green Party Northern Ireland. The three parties share a commitment to environmental policies, but are independent of one another, with each contesting elections only in its own region.

The polling company ComRes was acquired by Savanta in July 2019.[1] It was rebranded as Savanta ComRes in November 2019[2] and as Savanta in December 2022.[3] In August 2023 the market research company Omnisis rebranded its public polling arm as We Think.[4] In October 2023, the Norstat group acquired Panelbase.[5] None of these organisational changes entailed changes in methodology.
Özet – Bu çalışmanın amacı, TÜBİTAK [Türkiye Bilimsel ve Teknolojik Araştırma Kurumu]
tarafından yayımlanan Çocuk Kitaplığı Dizisinde yer alan kitapların, bir çocuk kitabının taşıması
gereken dış yapı ve iç yapı ölçütlerini ne ölçüde taşıdığını ortaya koymaktır. Bu amaçla TÜBİTAK
Çocuk Kitaplığı Dizisinde yer alan 36 çocuk kitabından 34’ü, araştırmacı tarafından hazırlanan ve
çocuk kitaplarının iç yapı ve dış yapı ölçütlerini saptamaya yarayan beş farklı araçla incelenmiştir.
İnceleme sonucunda, tasarım ve düzenleme başlığı altında otuz bir yapıt; yazar ve kitap bilgileri
başlığı altında tüm yapıtlar; dil ve anlatım başlığı altında yirmi üç yapıt; konu-plan başlığı altında otuz
üç yapıt; resimlendirme başlığı altında ise yirmi yapıtın yeterli ölçütleri taşıdığı bulunmuştur.
Anahtar kelimeler: TÜBİTAK, çocuk edebiyatı, çocuk kitapları, dış yapı ölçütleri, iç yapı ölçütleri.
Abstract – An Investigation of the Books in TUBITAK Children Library Series according to Their Lay
out Criteria and Content Criteria – The aim of this study is to state to what extent the books in
Children’s Books Series published by TUBITAK [The Scientific and Technological Research Council
of Turkey] a have the content and lay out criteria which a child book must possess. The 34 of 36
books within Children’s Books Series were examined with five instruments prepared by the
researcher to determine the content and lay out criteria of children’s books. As a result of the study,
31 books under the title of design and arrangement; all the books under the title of author and book
information; 23 books under the title of language and expression; 33 books under the title of themeplan and 20 books under the title of illustration, were found to have the sufficient criteria.
Key words: TUBITAK, children literature, child’s books, lay out criteria, content criteria.
Bireyin, çocukluktan yetişkinliğe geçiş sürecini etkileyebilen ve aynı zamanda
okuldaki eğitim ve öğretim faaliyetlerini destekleyen önemli faktörlerden birisi de
gerekli ölçütler çerçevesinde hazırlanmış çocuk kitaplarıdır. Çünkü okuma alışkanlığı,
bireyin, çocukluktan yetişkinliğe daha sağlıklı biçimde geçmesi için erken yaşlarda
doğru biçimde edinmesi gereken davranışlardan birisini oluşturmaktadır. Çocuğun
erken yaşlarda okuma alışkanlığını kazanabilmesi için de ona özgü yapıtların
hazırlanması gerekmektedir.
Çocuklar için hazırlanmış yapıtlar, çocukların, keyifli ve yararlı zaman
geçirmelerini sağlama gibi özellikleri dışında (Akın, 1998); dilsel, bilişsel, toplumsal
ve kişilik gelişimleri açısından da önem taşımaktadır (Kuzu, 2002, s. 95). Kitap
aracılığıyla çocuklar, dünya hakkındaki bilgilerini geliştirdikleri gibi kendilerine ait
duyarlılıklarını, hayal güçlerini, yaratıcılıklarını ve iletişim becerilerini de geliştirirler.
Günlük olaylar hakkında deneyim kazanırlar. Sosyal davranış örneklerini öğrenerek
toplum içinde uygun davranışları sergilerler. Ayrıca kitaplar aracılığıyla anadilini
doğru ve gelişmiş bir yapıda kullanma fırsatı bulurlar (Yalçın ve Aytaş, 2003, s 43).
Nesneleri tanır, sembolleri ayırt eder, olayları tahmin eder, kavram gelişimi gibi
zihinsel beceriler yönünden de desteklenirler (Jalongo, 1993).
Bu nedenlerle yazar yapıtını oluştururken; yayınevi de yayımlayacağı kitabı
seçerken çocuk gelişim özelliklerinin farkında olmalı; dış yapı ve iç yapı ölçütleri gibi
bir kitabı oluşturan önemli faktörlerin neler olduğunu bilmelidir. Çünkü çocuk kitapları
dış yapı ve iç yapı ölçütleri ve dayandığı eğitsel ilkelerle bir bütündür (Sever, 1995, s.
14). Bu ölçüt ve ilkelerin birbirleriyle tutarlılığı ve bütünselliği, çocuk kitaplarının
niteliğini belirleyen en temel etkenlerdir.
Çocuk kitaplarının iç yapı ve dış yapı ölçütlerine yönelik yapılmış çalışmalar,
Türkiye’de yayımlanan çocuk kitaplarının pek çoğunun hem iç yapı hem de dış yapı
ölçütleri açısından çeşitli sorunlar taşıdığını göstermektedir. Erdoğan (1999)’ın
“Türkiye’de çocuk yayınları üzerine nicel ve nitel yetersizliklerin olduğunu” ortaya
koyduğu araştırması, buna dayanak olarak sunulabilir. Benzer bir biçimde, Taşdemir
(2005, s. 9)’e göre “Türkiye’de kısmen görülen kitap inceleme araştırmaları genelde
ders kitapları ve kitapların sınırlı bazı boyutları olan, içerik, grafik tasarımı, görsel
öğeler, tasarım gibi boyutlar üzerine olduğu gözlenmektedir”. Bu yüzden kitapların
uygun ölçütler kullanılarak kapsamlı bir biçimde değerlendirilmesi çocuk gelişimi ve
eğitimiyle ilgili herkese katkı sağlayabilecektir.
Çocuklar için kitap seçiminde, dikkat edilmesi gereken ölçütlerin neler olması
gerektiği önemli bir konudur. Çünkü çocukluk kısa bir dönem olmasına rağmen
etkilenmek ve biçimlenmek için yaşamın en uygun dönemidir (Güleç ve Gönen, 1997).
Bu nedenle çocuk kitaplarına hem iç yapısal hem de dış yapısal olarak gereken önem
gösterilmelidir. Aşağıda, Akçapar (2000), Alpöge (2003), Aral ve Gürsoy (2000),
Armağan (2004), Arslan (2005), Arslantaş (2003), Ataseven ve İnandı (2000), Bozdağ
(2000), Chambers (1993), Ciravoğlu (2000), Dayıoğlu (2000), Dilidüzgün (2003),
Dögen (2003), Eker (2000), Erdoğan (2003), Güleç ve Geçgel (2005); Gönen (2000),
Güneş (2000), Gürkan ve Gökçe (2000), İzgü (2003), Kaya (2000, 2003), Kıbrıs
(2000), Konar ve Sargın (2004), Koyuncu ve Kaptan (2005), Kuzu (2002), Nas (2002),
Oğuzkan (2001), Özünel (2000), Özkan (2001), Sever (1995, 2002, 2003), Sezgin
(2002), Şeyda (2003), Şimşek (2002), Şirin (2000), Taşdemir (2005), Tekin (2000),
Tuğrul (2002), Yalçın ve Aytaş (2003), Yavuz (2000), Yılmaz (2002), Zengin ve
Zengin (2000)‘de yer alan ve araştırmacı tarafından derlenen “bir çocuk kitabının
taşıması gereken dış yapı ve iç yapı ölçütleri” sıralanmıştır: 
Bir çocuk kitabında bulunması gereken dış yapı (biçimsel) ölçütleri, çocuk edebiyatı
kaynak kitaplar ve konu ile ilgili yayınlarda şöyle sıralanmaktadır:
Boyut: Çocuk kitaplarının dikdörtgen veya kare biçiminde; çocuğun seviyesine göre
16x23 cm büyüklüğünde olması normal sayılır. Ayrıca kitap kolay taşınabilir
olmalıdır.
Harfler: Kitabın puntosu ilköğretim 1, 2 ve 3üncü sınıf öğrencileri için 12 puntodan
büyük olmalıdır. 4 ve 5inci sınıflarda ise 10 puntoluk harfler kullanılabilmektedir.
Kağıt: Sayfaları temizlenebilir olmalıdır. Kitabın kağıdı mat renkli olmalı ve öncelikle
birinci hamur kağıt kullanılmalıdır.
Kapak ve cilt: Kitabın kapağı ilgi çekici, konu ile uyumlu olmalıdır. İç kapak resimli
olmalı; kapak resmi kitapta yer almalıdır. Kitabın baskı sayısı iç kapakta yer
almalıdır. Kitabın dayanıklılığını arttırmak için ciltlenmesinde hem iplik hem de
yapıştırıcı kullanılmalıdır.
Resimler: Kitap resimli olmalı; sayfa düzeni rahat ve çekici olmalıdır. Resimler
konuya uygun, anlaşılır, gerçekçi, ilgi çekici, çerçeve içinde, kaliteli ve metinle
birbirini tamamlayıcı olmalıdır. Ayrıca resimlerde ayrıntılara dikkat edilmelidir.
Resimler, sayfanın en uygun yerine konumlandırılmalıdır.
Sayfa düzeni: Sayfa kenarlarında geniş alt-üst, sağ-sol boşluklar bırakılmalıdır. Sayfa
sayısı çocuğun seviyesine göre belirlenmelidir. Satırlar arası boşluklar birden çok
bırakılmalıdır.
Künye bilgileri: Kitapta, yayınevinin diğer yapıtları hakkında bilgiler yer almalı;
yazarın özgeçmişi hakkında bilgi verilmelidir. Kitapta içindekiler, sözlük, kılavuz
bölümleri yer almalıdır.
Bir Çocuk Kitabında Bulunması Gereken İç Yapı (İçeriksel) Ölçütleri
Bir çocuk kitabında bulunması gereken iç yapı (içeriksel) ölçütleri, çocuk edebiyatı
kaynak kitaplar ve konu ile ilgili yayınlarda şöyle sıralanmaktadır:
Dil ve Üslup: Yapıtın dili sade ve açık, anlatımı sürükleyici olmalıdır. Paragraflar 3-5
tümceyi geçmemeli; sözcükler, çocuğun sözcük dağarcığını geliştirici nitelikte
olmalıdır. Yapıtlarda kullanılan bilinmeyen sözcük sayısı çocuğun gelişimine uygun;
çocuk dünyasıyla ile ilişkili; kitap yazım ve noktalama açısından kusursuz olmalıdır.
Sözcükler güncel olmalı; eski sözcükler ve ses tekrarları kullanılmamalıdır. Kitap,
yabancı sözcüklerden mümkün olduğunca arındırılmalı, kullanılan yabancı sözcükler
ise aslına uygun yazılmalıdır. Yabancı sözcüklerin açıklamaları verilmeli; yabancı
deyim, atasözleri Türkçeye uyarlanmalıdır. Devrik cümle kullanılmamalı; sözcükler
sadece ilk anlamlarında kullanılmalıdır. Cümleler tek özne, tek yüklemden oluşmalı;
birleşik ve girişik cümle kullanılmamalıdır. Argo ve mecaz söyleyişler
kullanılmamalı; edat ve bağlaçlar mümkün olduğunca az kullanılmalıdır.
Konu: Çocuk kitaplarında tema ve konu ilişkisi güçlü olmalıdır. Konular, çocuklarda
güven duygusunu artırmalı; çocuğun yaşantısıyla ilgili olmalıdır.
Mersin Üniversitesi Eğitim Fakültesi Dergisi
DEMİRCAN 15
Plan: Çocuk kitaplarında olaylar tutarlı bir biçimde sıralanmalıdır. Olaylar baştan
sona gereksiz ayrıntılara girmeden aktarılmalıdır.
Tema: Yapıtta ideolojik örüntüler olmamalı; herhangi bir duygu empoze edilmemeye
çalışılmalıdır. Evrensel değerlere yer verilmeli, çocuğu rasyonel düşündürmeye
yöneltmelidir.
Yukarıda sıralanan özellikler doğrultusunda TÜBİTAK’ın yayımladığı ve birden
çok baskı yapan Çocuk Kitaplığı Dizisinin (Tablo E2), bir çocuk kitabının taşıması
gereken dış yapı ve iç yapı ölçütlerini ne ölçüde taşıdığının belirlenmesi ile çocuklara
yönelik kitap yayımlayan bir bilim kurumunun çocuk kitaplarının ölçütleri ne kadar
karşıladığı sınanacaktır. Araştırma, TÜBİTAK’ın yayımlamayı tercih ettiği çocuk
kitaplarının ölçütlere ne ölçüde uyduğunu ortaya koyması bakımından önem
taşımaktadır. Araştırmanın temel beklentisi, TÜBİTAK’ın yayımladığı çocuk
kitaplarının, yukarıda sıralanan dış yapı ve iç yapı ölçütlerini taşıdığı yönündendir.
Araştırmanın Amacı
Bu araştırmanın amacı, TÜBİTAK tarafından yayımlanan Çocuk Kitaplığı Dizisinin
(Tablo E1), bir çocuk kitabının taşıması gereken dış yapı ve iç yapı ölçütlerine ne
ölçüde uyduğunu ortaya koymaktır. Bu amaç çerçevesinde aşağıdaki sorulara yanıt
aranacaktır:
1- TÜBİTAK Çocuk Kitaplığı Dizisindeki kitaplar, bir çocuk kitabının taşıması
gereken dış yapı (tasarım ve düzenleme, yazar ve kitap bilgileri) ölçütlerini ne
ölçüde taşımaktadır?
2- TÜBİTAK Çocuk Kitaplığı Dizisindeki kitaplar, bir çocuk kitabının taşıması
gereken iç yapı (dil-anlatım, konu-plan ve resimlendirme) ölçütlerini ne ölçüde
taşımaktadır?
Yöntem
Evren ve Örneklem
TÜBİTAK tarafından Popüler Bilim Kitapları başlığı altında yayımlanan Çocuk
Kitaplığı Dizisinin (7-11 yaş) 36 kitabı bu araştırmanın evrenini oluşturmaktadır. Evren
içerisinden 34 kitap örneklem olarak alınmıştır (Tablo E1). Çocuk Kitaplığı Dizisinde
bulunan iki kitaba (Dünya ve Uzay, Deneylerle Bilim) basımları olmadığı için
ulaşılamamıştır. Araştırma, incelenen kitapların ulaşılan basımları (Tablo E2), ile
sınırlandırılmıştır.
Veri Toplama Aracının Hazırlanması
Bu araştırmada, araştırmacı tarafında geliştirilen çocuk kitaplarının taşıması gereken iç 
Quantum mechanics is one of the most fascinating and complex fields in modern physics. At its core, quantum mechanics deals with the behavior of particles at the atomic and subatomic levels. Unlike classical mechanics, which can describe the motion of objects we see in our everyday lives, quantum mechanics operates on principles that often defy our conventional understanding of reality.

One of the most famous principles in quantum mechanics is the wave-particle duality. This principle states that particles, such as electrons and photons, exhibit both wave-like and particle-like properties. For example, light can behave as a wave, creating interference patterns, and as particles, called photons, in phenomena such as the photoelectric effect. This dual nature is a cornerstone of quantum theory and highlights the inherent complexity of the quantum world.

Another intriguing aspect of quantum mechanics is the concept of superposition. In the quantum realm, particles can exist in multiple states simultaneously until they are observed or measured. This idea is famously illustrated by Schrödinger's cat, a thought experiment where a cat in a sealed box is simultaneously alive and dead until someone opens the box and observes it. Superposition is crucial for the functioning of quantum computers, which use qubits that can represent both 0 and 1 simultaneously, potentially allowing for massive computational power.

Entanglement is another cornerstone of quantum mechanics. When particles become entangled, the state of one particle is directly related to the state of another, no matter the distance between them. This phenomenon puzzled even Albert Einstein, who referred to it as "spooky action at a distance." Entanglement has practical applications in the field of quantum cryptography, providing theoretically unbreakable encryption.

Despite its abstract nature, quantum mechanics has led to significant technological advancements. It underpins the development of semiconductors, lasers, and medical imaging techniques such as MRI. As research continues, quantum mechanics promises to revolutionize computing, communication, and many other fields.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) has rapidly evolved from a niche field of study to a transformative force in modern society. AI encompasses a broad range of technologies, from machine learning and neural networks to natural language processing and robotics. These technologies enable machines to perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as recognizing speech, identifying images, making decisions, and translating languages.

Machine learning, a subset of AI, involves training algorithms to learn from and make predictions based on data. This approach has led to significant breakthroughs in various applications, including recommendation systems used by companies like Netflix and Amazon, and autonomous vehicles developed by Tesla and Waymo. Neural networks, inspired by the human brain, are a fundamental component of many AI systems. These networks consist of layers of interconnected nodes that process information and learn patterns.

Natural language processing (NLP) is another critical area of AI, enabling machines to understand and generate human language. NLP powers virtual assistants like Siri and Alexa, translation services like Google Translate, and chatbots used in customer service. Recent advancements in NLP, such as the development of transformer models like GPT-4, have significantly improved the ability of machines to understand and generate coherent and contextually relevant text.

Robotics, the intersection of AI and physical systems, has seen remarkable progress. Robots are now capable of performing complex tasks in manufacturing, healthcare, and even space exploration. Surgical robots, for example, assist doctors in performing precise and minimally invasive procedures, while exploration robots like NASA's Perseverance rover gather data on Mars.

Despite the numerous benefits of AI, it also raises ethical and societal concerns. Issues such as job displacement, privacy, bias, and the potential for autonomous weapons are hotly debated. Ensuring that AI is developed and deployed responsibly is a critical challenge for researchers, policymakers, and society as a whole.
The Industrial Revolution, spanning from the late 18th century to the mid-19th century, marked a significant turning point in human history. Originating in Britain and spreading to other parts of the world, this period was characterized by profound changes in agriculture, manufacturing, mining, and transportation, fundamentally altering the socio-economic and cultural landscape.

Before the Industrial Revolution, economies were predominantly agrarian, with most people living in rural areas and relying on manual labor and traditional farming methods. The advent of new technologies and the establishment of factories shifted the economic focus from agriculture to industry. Innovations such as the steam engine, spinning jenny, and power loom revolutionized production processes, enabling mass production and reducing the reliance on manual labor.

The transportation sector also underwent significant transformations. The construction of canals, railways, and improved roads facilitated the movement of goods and people, contributing to the expansion of markets and the integration of national economies. The steam locomotive, in particular, played a crucial role in the rapid industrialization by enabling faster and more efficient transportation of raw materials and finished products.

Urbanization was another major consequence of the Industrial Revolution. As factories sprouted in cities, people migrated from rural areas in search of employment opportunities. This mass migration led to the growth of urban centers and the development of new social classes, including a burgeoning middle class and an urban working class. However, the rapid urbanization also brought about challenges such as overcrowded living conditions, inadequate sanitation, and the exploitation of labor, including child labor.

The Industrial Revolution also had a profound impact on social and political thought. The rise of industrial capitalism prompted discussions on labor rights, economic inequality, and the role of government in regulating industry. Thinkers like Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels critiqued the capitalist system, advocating for a socialist alternative that emphasized collective ownership and the fair distribution of resources.

The legacy of the Industrial Revolution is evident in the modern world. It laid the foundation for contemporary industrial society, with advancements in technology and production continuing to drive economic growth and development. However, it also highlighted the need for addressing the social and environmental consequences of industrialization, lessons that remain relevant today.
Existentialism is a philosophical movement that explores the nature of human existence, freedom, and the meaning of life. Emerging in the 19th and 20th centuries, it is associated with thinkers such as Søren Kierkegaard, Friedrich Nietzsche, Jean-Paul Sartre, and Martin Heidegger. Existentialist philosophy emphasizes individual experience, personal choice, and the inherent challenges of human existence.

Søren Kierkegaard, often considered the father of existentialism, focused on the individual's relationship with God and the concept of "the leap of faith." He argued that true faith requires embracing uncertainty and making a subjective commitment to one's beliefs, even in the face of doubt and existential anxiety. Kierkegaard's work highlighted the tension between the finite human condition and the infinite aspirations of the individual.

Friedrich Nietzsche challenged traditional moral and religious values, advocating for a reevaluation of all values and the creation of new ones. He introduced the concept of the "Übermensch" (Overman or Superman), an individual who transcends conventional morality to create their own values and purpose. Nietzsche's proclamation that "God is dead" reflects his belief that traditional religious and metaphysical frameworks no longer provide meaning in the modern world.

Jean-Paul Sartre, a leading figure in 20th-century existentialism, emphasized the concept of radical freedom and the responsibility that comes with it. Sartre's famous assertion that "existence precedes essence" suggests that individuals are not born with a predetermined purpose; rather, they must create their own meaning through their choices and actions. This freedom, however, comes with the burden of responsibility and the anxiety of facing an indifferent and absurd universe.

Martin Heidegger explored the nature of being (Dasein) and the human experience of time and mortality. He argued that individuals must confront the reality of their own finitude to live authentically. Heidegger's concept of "Being-toward-death" suggests that an awareness of mortality can lead to a more genuine engagement with life.

Existentialism has had a significant impact on literature, psychology, and the arts. Writers like Albert Camus and Franz Kafka explored existential themes in their works, depicting characters grappling with the absurdity and meaninglessness of life. Existentialist ideas have also influenced therapeutic approaches, such as existential psychotherapy, which focuses on helping individuals find meaning and purpose in their lives.
Climate change is one of the most pressing issues facing humanity today. It refers to long-term changes in temperature, precipitation, and other climate patterns, primarily due to human activities such as burning fossil fuels, deforestation, and industrial processes. The consequences of climate change are far-reaching and pose significant threats to ecosystems, human health, and global economies.

The scientific consensus is clear: human activities are the primary drivers of recent climate change. The burning of fossil fuels releases greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4), into the atmosphere. These gases trap heat, leading to a greenhouse effect that raises global temperatures. Since the industrial revolution, atmospheric CO2 levels have increased significantly, resulting in unprecedented warming.

Rising temperatures have numerous impacts on the environment. Melting polar ice caps and glaciers contribute to sea level rise, threatening coastal communities and ecosystems. Increased heat also exacerbates the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, droughts, and wildfires. These events can have devastating effects on infrastructure, agriculture, and human livelihoods.

Climate change also affects biodiversity and ecosystems. Many species are unable to adapt quickly enough to the changing conditions, leading to shifts in habitats and, in some cases, extinction. Coral reefs, for example, are highly sensitive to temperature changes and are experiencing widespread bleaching and degradation.

Human health is another critical area impacted by climate change. Heatwaves and extreme weather events pose direct threats to health,
n the ancient land of Eldoria, where magic flowed as freely as the rivers, there existed a prophecy foretelling the rise of a hero who would save the realm from impending doom. The prophecy was inscribed on a weathered stone tablet in the heart of the Great Library of Arcanum, the largest repository of knowledge and arcane secrets in the world. It read:

"When shadows fall and darkness reigns,
A hero's heart shall break the chains.
From humble roots, the light shall rise,
To banish night and clear the skies."

Eldoria was a land of breathtaking beauty, with sprawling forests, majestic mountains, and serene lakes. It was home to diverse races—humans, elves, dwarves, and many mystical creatures. Despite its splendor, the land was not without its troubles. A malevolent force, known only as the Shadow, had been slowly encroaching, corrupting the land and its inhabitants.

The Shadow was an ancient evil, a remnant of a forgotten era when dark sorcery ruled. Its influence spread like a plague, turning lush landscapes into desolate wastelands and peaceful creatures into vicious monsters. The people of Eldoria lived in constant fear, knowing that their world was slowly being consumed.
Far from the turmoil of the central regions, in the tranquil village of Brookhaven, lived a young farm boy named Alaric. Orphaned at a young age, Alaric was raised by his aunt and uncle, who owned a modest farm on the outskirts of the village. He was known for his kind heart, curiosity, and a peculiar birthmark shaped like a star on his right wrist.

Alaric’s days were filled with hard work and simple pleasures. He tended to the crops, cared for the animals, and helped his uncle repair tools and fences. Despite the mundanity of his daily life, Alaric often dreamed of adventure. He yearned to explore the world beyond Brookhaven and discover the mysteries it held.

One evening, as Alaric was finishing his chores, he noticed a strange figure approaching the farm. The figure, cloaked in a tattered robe, moved with an otherworldly grace. As the figure drew closer, Alaric could see that it was an old man with piercing blue eyes and a long white beard. The man introduced himself as Kael, a wandering mage and keeper of ancient knowledge.

"I have traveled far to find you, Alaric," Kael said, his voice resonating with a power that belied his frail appearance. "You bear the mark of the chosen one, the hero foretold in the prophecy. The fate of Eldoria rests in your hands."

Alaric was taken aback. He had heard tales of the prophecy, but he never imagined that he could be the hero it spoke of. Doubt and fear crept into his mind, but Kael's unwavering gaze filled him with a sense of purpose.

"You possess a great power within you," Kael continued. "It is time for you to leave this village and embark on a journey to fulfill your destiny. You must seek the Council of Elders in the city of Althoria. They will guide you and help unlock your true potential."
With a heavy heart, Alaric bid farewell to his aunt and uncle. They embraced him, offering words of encouragement and love. His aunt handed him a small satchel filled with provisions and a keepsake—an amulet that belonged to his mother. Alaric promised to return and set off with Kael by his side.

Their journey to Althoria was fraught with danger. They traveled through dense forests, crossed treacherous mountains, and navigated vast plains. Along the way, Kael taught Alaric the basics of magic—how to harness the energy within him and channel it through spells. Alaric proved to be a quick learner, and his confidence grew with each passing day.

As they ventured deeper into the heart of Eldoria, they encountered remnants of the Shadow's influence. Villages lay in ruins, their inhabitants either fled or fallen. Dark creatures roamed the land, spreading fear and chaos. Alaric and Kael did their best to help those in need, offering protection and aid wherever they could.

One evening, while resting by a campfire, Kael shared the history of the Shadow. "It was born from the corruption of a powerful sorcerer, Malakar, who sought to dominate Eldoria with dark magic. The ancient wizards of the Arcanum defeated him, but his essence lingered, giving rise to the Shadow. It feeds on despair and darkness, growing stronger with each soul it consumes."
After weeks of travel, Alaric and Kael finally reached Althoria, the capital city of Eldoria. It was a magnificent sight, with towering spires, bustling markets, and grand palaces. The city was a beacon of hope and resilience amidst the encroaching darkness.

They made their way to the Citadel of Light, home to the Council of Elders. The Council, composed of the wisest and most powerful mages in Eldoria, governed the land and safeguarded its magical heritage. Alaric felt a mix of awe and apprehension as they entered the grand hall where the Council convened.

The Elders, seated in a semicircle, regarded Alaric with a mixture of curiosity and solemnity. The head of the Council, a stern yet kind-hearted woman named Elara, spoke first. "Welcome, Alaric. We have been expecting you. The prophecy speaks of your arrival and the role you are destined to play in the battle against the Shadow."

Alaric recounted his journey and the lessons he had learned from Kael. The Council listened intently, and when he finished, Elara rose from her seat. "You have shown great courage and potential. But to face the Shadow, you must undergo further training and trials. Only then can you hope to master the power within you and fulfill your destiny."
Alaric's training began the next day. The Council subjected him to a series of rigorous trials, each designed to test his mastery over the four elements—earth, water, fire, and air. These trials were not only a test of his magical abilities but also of his resolve and character.

The Trial of Earth required Alaric to traverse a labyrinthine cave system, confronting creatures of stone and navigating treacherous terrain. He learned to draw strength from the earth, using its stability and resilience to overcome obstacles.

The Trial of Water took place in the enchanted Lake of Lira. Alaric had to retrieve a mystical pearl from the lake's depths, contending with swift currents and aquatic guardians. He discovered the fluidity and adaptability of water, learning to move with grace and precision.

The Trial of Fire was perhaps the most daunting. In the volcanic plains of Pyros, Alaric faced intense heat and relentless flames. He had to forge a path through the inferno, mastering the raw, destructive power of fire and learning to harness it without succumbing to its fury.

The Trial of Air took Alaric to the Windspire Mountains, where he navigated dizzying heights and powerful gusts. He learned to control the winds, using their speed and agility to soar above danger and strike with swift precision.

Each trial pushed Alaric to his limits, but with Kael's guidance and the Council's wisdom, he emerged stronger and more attuned to his powers. By the end of his training, he had become a formidable mage, capable of wielding the elements with remarkable skill.
As Alaric honed his abilities, the Shadow grew bolder. Its minions launched attacks on towns and villages, spreading fear and chaos. The Council received word that the Shadow had amassed a great army and was preparing to assault Althoria itself.

The city mobilized for war. The Citadel of Light became a bastion of defense, with mages and warriors from across Eldoria gathering to repel the impending invasion. Alaric, now a seasoned mage, stood ready to lead the charge against the darkness.

On the eve of battle, Alaric received a vision. The spirit of his mother appeared to him, offering words of encouragement and revealing a crucial piece of the prophecy. "The light within you is the key, my son. It is the pure essence of magic, untainted by darkness. Use it wisely, and you will prevail."

As dawn broke, the Shadow's forces descended upon Althoria. The battle was fierce and relentless, with both sides sustaining heavy losses. Alaric fought valiantly, using his mastery of the elements to turn the tide in favor of the defenders. But the Shadow's power was immense, and its corruption seemed unstoppable.

In the midst of the chaos, Alaric confronted the embodiment of the Shadow—a towering figure shrouded in darkness, its eyes burning with malevolent fire. The ground trembled as they clashed, magic and darkness colliding in a spectacular display of power.
As the battle raged on, Alaric realized that brute force alone would not defeat the Shadow. He recalled his mother's words and the lessons he had learned during his trials. Drawing upon the deepest reserves of his power, he focused on the light within him—the pure essence of magic.

Channeling this inner light, Alaric unleashed a radiant blast of energy. The brilliance of the light cut through the darkness, dispelling the Shadow's malevolent aura. The embodiment of the Shadow recoiled, its
In the ancient land of Eldoria, where magic flowed as freely as the rivers and where dragons once soared through the skies, there existed a prophecy that foretold the rise of a hero who would save the realm from impending doom. The prophecy was inscribed on a weathered stone tablet in the heart of the Great Library of Arcanum, the largest repository of knowledge and arcane secrets in the world. It read: "When shadows fall and darkness reigns, a hero's heart shall break the chains. From humble roots, the light shall rise, to banish night and clear the skies."

Eldoria was a land of breathtaking beauty, with sprawling forests, majestic mountains, and serene lakes. It was home to diverse races—humans, elves, dwarves, and many mystical creatures. Despite its splendor, the land was not without its troubles. A malevolent force, known only as the Shadow, had been slowly encroaching, corrupting the land and its inhabitants. The Shadow was an ancient evil, a remnant of a forgotten era when dark sorcery ruled. Its influence spread like a plague, turning lush landscapes into desolate wastelands and peaceful creatures into vicious monsters. The people of Eldoria lived in constant fear, knowing that their world was slowly being consumed.

Far from the turmoil of the central regions, in the tranquil village of Brookhaven, lived a young farm boy named Alaric. Orphaned at a young age, Alaric was raised by his aunt and uncle, who owned a modest farm on the outskirts of the village. He was known for his kind heart, curiosity, and a peculiar birthmark shaped like a star on his right wrist. Alaric’s days were filled with hard work and simple pleasures. He tended to the crops, cared for the animals, and helped his uncle repair tools and fences. Despite the mundanity of his daily life, Alaric often dreamed of adventure. He yearned to explore the world beyond Brookhaven and discover the mysteries it held.

One evening, as Alaric was finishing his chores, he noticed a strange figure approaching the farm. The figure, cloaked in a tattered robe, moved with an otherworldly grace. As the figure drew closer, Alaric could see that it was an old man with piercing blue eyes and a long white beard. The man introduced himself as Kael, a wandering mage and keeper of ancient knowledge. "I have traveled far to find you, Alaric," Kael said, his voice resonating with a power that belied his frail appearance. "You bear the mark of the chosen one, the hero foretold in the prophecy. The fate of Eldoria rests in your hands."

Alaric was taken aback. He had heard tales of the prophecy, but he never imagined that he could be the hero it spoke of. Doubt and fear crept into his mind, but Kael's unwavering gaze filled him with a sense of purpose. "You possess a great power within you," Kael continued. "It is time for you to leave this village and embark on a journey to fulfill your destiny. You must seek the Council of Elders in the city of Althoria. They will guide you and help unlock your true potential."

With a heavy heart, Alaric bid farewell to his aunt and uncle. They embraced him, offering words of encouragement and love. His aunt handed him a small satchel filled with provisions and a keepsake—an amulet that belonged to his mother. Alaric promised to return and set off with Kael by his side. Their journey to Althoria was fraught with danger. They traveled through dense forests, crossed treacherous mountains, and navigated vast plains. Along the way, Kael taught Alaric the basics of magic—how to harness the energy within him and channel it through spells. Alaric proved to be a quick learner, and his confidence grew with each passing day.

As they ventured deeper into the heart of Eldoria, they encountered remnants of the Shadow's influence. Villages lay in ruins, their inhabitants either fled or fallen. Dark creatures roamed the land, spreading fear and chaos. Alaric and Kael did their best to help those in need, offering protection and aid wherever they could. One evening, while resting by a campfire, Kael shared the history of the Shadow. "It was born from the corruption of a powerful sorcerer, Malakar, who sought to dominate Eldoria with dark magic. The ancient wizards of the Arcanum defeated him, but his essence lingered, giving rise to the Shadow. It feeds on despair and darkness, growing stronger with each soul it consumes."

After weeks of travel, Alaric and Kael finally reached Althoria, the capital city of Eldoria. It was a magnificent sight, with towering spires, bustling markets, and grand palaces. The city was a beacon of hope and resilience amidst the encroaching darkness. They made their way to the Citadel of Light, home to the Council of Elders. The Council, composed of the wisest and most powerful mages in Eldoria, governed the land and safeguarded its magical heritage. Alaric felt a mix of awe and apprehension as they entered the grand hall where the Council convened.

The Elders, seated in a semicircle, regarded Alaric with a mixture of curiosity and solemnity. The head of the Council, a stern yet kind-hearted woman named Elara, spoke first. "Welcome, Alaric. We have been expecting you. The prophecy speaks of your arrival and the role you are destined to play in the battle against the Shadow." Alaric recounted his journey and the lessons he had learned from Kael. The Council listened intently, and when he finished, Elara rose from her seat. "You have shown great courage and potential. But to face the Shadow, you must undergo further training and trials. Only then can you hope to master the power within you and fulfill your destiny."

Alaric's training began the next day. The Council subjected him to a series of rigorous trials, each designed to test his mastery over the four elements—earth, water, fire, and air. These trials were not only a test of his magical abilities but also of his resolve and character. The Trial of Earth required Alaric to traverse a labyrinthine cave system, confronting creatures of stone and navigating treacherous terrain. He learned to draw strength from the earth, using its stability and resilience to overcome obstacles. The Trial of Water took place in the enchanted Lake of Lira. Alaric had to retrieve a mystical pearl from the lake's depths, contending with swift currents and aquatic guardians. He discovered the fluidity and adaptability of water, learning to move with grace and precision.

The Trial of Fire was perhaps the most daunting. In the volcanic plains of Pyros, Alaric faced intense heat and relentless flames. He had to forge a path through the inferno, mastering the raw, destructive power of fire and learning to harness it without succumbing to its fury. The Trial of Air took Alaric to the Windspire Mountains, where he navigated dizzying heights and powerful gusts. He learned to control the winds, using their speed and agility to soar above danger and strike with swift precision. Each trial pushed Alaric to his limits, but with Kael's guidance and the Council's wisdom, he emerged stronger and more attuned to his powers. By the end of his training, he had become a formidable mage, capable of wielding the elements with remarkable skill.

As Alaric honed his abilities, the Shadow grew bolder. Its minions launched attacks on towns and villages, spreading fear and chaos. The Council received word that the Shadow had amassed a great army and was preparing to assault Althoria itself. The city mobilized for war. The Citadel of Light became a bastion of defense, with mages and warriors from across Eldoria gathering to repel the impending invasion. Alaric, now a seasoned mage, stood ready to lead the charge against the darkness.

On the eve of battle, Alaric received a vision. The spirit of his mother appeared to him, offering words of encouragement and revealing a crucial piece of the prophecy. "The light within you is the key, my son. It is the pure essence of magic, untainted by darkness. Use it wisely, and you will prevail." As dawn broke, the Shadow's forces descended upon Althoria. The battle was fierce and relentless, with both sides sustaining heavy losses. Alaric fought valiantly, using his mastery of the elements to turn the tide in favor of the defenders. But the Shadow's power was immense, and its corruption seemed unstoppable.

In the midst of the chaos, Alaric confronted the embodiment of the Shadow—a towering figure shrouded in darkness, its eyes burning with malevolent fire. The ground trembled as they clashed, magic and darkness colliding in a spectacular display of power. As the battle raged on, Alaric realized that brute force alone would not defeat the Shadow. He recalled his mother's words and the lessons he had learned during his trials. Drawing upon the deepest reserves of his power, he focused on the light within him—the pure essence of magic.

Channeling this inner light, Alaric unleashed a radiant blast of energy. The brilliance of the light cut through the darkness, dispelling the Shadow's malevolent aura. The embodiment of the Shadow recoiled, its form flickering and weakening. Alaric pressed his advantage, pouring every ounce of his strength into the light. With a final, triumphant cry, he released a surge of pure, untainted magic that enveloped the Shadow in a blinding glow. The darkness screamed and writhed, but it could not withstand the overwhelming force of the light. Slowly, the Shadow began to disintegrate, its essence unraveling and dissipating into the ether.

As the last remnants of the Shadow vanished, a profound silence fell over the battlefield. The dark clouds that had shrouded the skies parted, allowing the sun to shine through once more. The defenders of Althoria, weary and battered, raised their eyes to the heavens in awe and relief. The Shadow had been defeated, its reign of terror finally brought to an end.

Alaric stood amidst the ruins of the battlefield, his heart filled with a mixture of exhaustion and triumph. He had fulfilled the prophecy and saved Eldoria from the brink of destruction. Yet, he knew that his journey was far from over. There would be much to rebuild, many wounds to heal, and countless lives to restore.

The Council of Elders gathered around Alaric, their faces etched with gratitude and pride. Elara, the head of the Council, placed a hand on his shoulder. "You have done the impossible, Alaric. You have brought light to the darkness and restored hope to our land. Eldoria owes you a debt that can never be repaid."

Kael, his mentor and friend, stepped forward, his eyes filled with tears of joy. "You have surpassed all expectations, my boy. Your courage, wisdom, and strength have saved us all. Your parents would be incredibly proud of you."

As the people of Althoria began to rebuild and reclaim their lives, Alaric knew that his own journey was just beginning. He had discovered his true purpose and unlocked the power within him. With Kael by his side and the support of the Council, he vowed to protect Eldoria and ensure that the darkness would never return.

In the years that followed, Alaric became a legendary figure, a hero whose name was spoken with reverence and admiration. He traveled across the land, helping to rebuild and restore what had been lost. He taught others the ways of magic, sharing his knowledge and wisdom with the next generation of mages. Eldoria flourished under his guidance, becoming a beacon of light and hope in a world that had once been shrouded in darkness.

And so, the story of Alaric, the farm boy who became a hero, was passed down through the ages. It became a tale of bravery, resilience, and the enduring power of light. Eldoria thrived, its people united by the bonds of hope and determination. And though the shadows would always exist, lurking at the edges of the light, the legacy of Alaric ensured that the darkness would never again reign supreme.

Quantum mechanics is a fundamental theory in physics that describes the behavior of nature at and below the scale of atoms.[2]: 1.1  It is the foundation of all quantum physics, which includes quantum chemistry, quantum field theory, quantum technology, and quantum information science.

Quantum mechanics can describe many systems that classical physics cannot. Classical physics can describe many aspects of nature at an ordinary (macroscopic and (optical) microscopic) scale, but is not sufficient for describing them at very small submicroscopic (atomic and subatomic) scales. Most theories in classical physics can be derived from quantum mechanics as an approximation valid at large (macroscopic/microscopic) scale.[3]

Quantum systems have bound states that are quantized to discrete values of energy, momentum, angular momentum, and other quantities, in contrast to classical systems where these quantities can be measured continuously. Measurements of quantum systems show characteristics of both particles and waves (wave–particle duality), and there are limits to how accurately the value of a physical quantity can be predicted prior to its measurement, given a complete set of initial conditions (the uncertainty principle).

Quantum mechanics arose gradually from theories to explain observations that could not be reconciled with classical physics, such as Max Planck's solution in 1900 to the black-body radiation problem, and the correspondence between energy and frequency in Albert Einstein's 1905 paper, which explained the photoelectric effect. These early attempts to understand microscopic phenomena, now known as the "old quantum theory", led to the full development of quantum mechanics in the mid-1920s by Niels Bohr, Erwin Schrödinger, Werner Heisenberg, Max Born, Paul Dirac and others. The modern theory is formulated in various specially developed mathematical formalisms. In one of them, a mathematical entity called the wave function provides information, in the form of probability amplitudes, about what measurements of a particle's energy, momentum, and other physical properties may yield.

Overview and fundamental concepts
Quantum mechanics allows the calculation of properties and behaviour of physical systems. It is typically applied to microscopic systems: molecules, atoms and sub-atomic particles. It has been demonstrated to hold for complex molecules with thousands of atoms,[4] but its application to human beings raises philosophical problems, such as Wigner's friend, and its application to the universe as a whole remains speculative.[5] Predictions of quantum mechanics have been verified experimentally to an extremely high degree of accuracy. For example, the refinement of quantum mechanics for the interaction of light and matter, known as quantum electrodynamics (QED), has been shown to agree with experiment to within 1 part in 1012 when predicting the magnetic properties of an electron.[6]

A fundamental feature of the theory is that it usually cannot predict with certainty what will happen, but only give probabilities. Mathematically, a probability is found by taking the square of the absolute value of a complex number, known as a probability amplitude. This is known as the Born rule, named after physicist Max Born. For example, a quantum particle like an electron can be described by a wave function, which associates to each point in space a probability amplitude. Applying the Born rule to these amplitudes gives a probability density function for the position that the electron will be found to have when an experiment is performed to measure it. This is the best the theory can do; it cannot say for certain where the electron will be found. The Schrödinger equation relates the collection of probability amplitudes that pertain to one moment of time to the collection of probability amplitudes that pertain to another.[7]: 67–87 

One consequence of the mathematical rules of quantum mechanics is a tradeoff in predictability between different measurable quantities. The most famous form of this uncertainty principle says that no matter how a quantum particle is prepared or how carefully experiments upon it are arranged, it is impossible to have a precise prediction for a measurement of its position and also at the same time for a measurement of its momentum.[7]: 427–435 

Another consequence of the mathematical rules of quantum mechanics is the phenomenon of quantum interference, which is often illustrated with the double-slit experiment. In the basic version of this experiment, a coherent light source, such as a laser beam, illuminates a plate pierced by two parallel slits, and the light passing through the slits is observed on a screen behind the plate.[8]: 102–111 [2]: 1.1–1.8  The wave nature of light causes the light waves passing through the two slits to interfere, producing bright and dark bands on the screen – a result that would not be expected if light consisted of classical particles.[8] However, the light is always found to be absorbed at the screen at discrete points, as individual particles rather than waves; the interference pattern appears via the varying density of these particle hits on the screen. Furthermore, versions of the experiment that include detectors at the slits find that each detected photon passes through one slit (as would a classical particle), and not through both slits (as would a wave).[8]: 109 [9][10] However, such experiments demonstrate that particles do not form the interference pattern if one detects which slit they pass through. This behavior is known as wave–particle duality. In addition to light, electrons, atoms, and molecules are all found to exhibit the same dual behavior when fired towards a double slit.[2]

Another non-classical phenomenon predicted by quantum mechanics is quantum tunnelling: a particle that goes up against a potential barrier can cross it, even if its kinetic energy is smaller than the maximum of the potential.[11] In classical mechanics this particle would be trapped. Quantum tunnelling has several important consequences, enabling radioactive decay, nuclear fusion in stars, and applications such as scanning tunnelling microscopy and the tunnel diode.[12]

When quantum systems interact, the result can be the creation of quantum entanglement: their properties become so intertwined that a description of the whole solely in terms of the individual parts is no longer possible. Erwin Schrödinger called entanglement "...the characteristic trait of quantum mechanics, the one that enforces its entire departure from classical lines of thought".[13] Quantum entanglement enables quantum computing and is part of quantum communication protocols, such as quantum key distribution and superdense coding.[14] Contrary to popular misconception, entanglement does not allow sending signals faster than light, as demonstrated by the no-communication theorem.[14]

Another possibility opened by entanglement is testing for "hidden variables", hypothetical properties more fundamental than the quantities addressed in quantum theory itself, knowledge of which would allow more exact predictions than quantum theory can provide. A collection of results, most significantly Bell's theorem, have demonstrated that broad classes of such hidden-variable theories are in fact incompatible with quantum physics. According to Bell's theorem, if nature actually operates in accord with any theory of local hidden variables, then the results of a Bell test will be constrained in a particular, quantifiable way. Many Bell tests have been performed and they have shown results incompatible with the constraints imposed by local hidden variables.[15][16]

It is not possible to present these concepts in more than a superficial way without introducing the actual mathematics involved; understanding quantum mechanics requires not only manipulating complex numbers, but also linear algebra, differential equations, group theory, and other more advanced subjects.[17][18] Accordingly, this article will present a mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics and survey its application to some useful and oft-studied examples.
If you make or play games in Roblox experiences, this Privacy Policy is for you, whatever your age and wherever you live. It’s also for parents or guardians of users under 13 years old. This Policy covers the Roblox Services.
What is in this Privacy Policy?
This policy describes the rights you have regarding your Personal Information. It explains that you can control what happens to the information that can identify you - like your name, where you live and your email address. In this Privacy Policy, we’ll also tell you when and how we use your information about you – including how we collect, record, organize, store and share it.
Depending on where you live, you may have different rights or choices for managing your Personal Information, which this Policy will describe later on. In the event of a conflict between the information in Sections 1-5 of this Policy and the location-specific information in Section 8, the information in Section 8 shall prevail.
Where does this Privacy Policy apply?
If you’re using Roblox, you’re in the right place. Here’s where you can learn about keeping your information safe. Using Roblox includes using:
websites with a roblox.com address
our mobile, virtual reality and console apps
the Roblox Player and the Roblox Studio
Other Roblox features described in this policy
But if you leave our services, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We’re not responsible for what you see on other websites or apps or for their privacy policies, even if you’ve linked to them from our website or app. When you go to another site or app, we may show you a message telling you that you’re leaving Roblox.

To reach us with questions or requests regarding your Personal Information, our information about how to contact us is included below.

You can reach Roblox electronically by submitting a question through our Customer Support Form.

US:
Phone: (888) 858 - BLOX
Write to us at:
Roblox Corporation
Attn: Roblox Privacy Manager
Address: 970 Park Place, Suite 100
San Mateo, California, 94403
privacy@roblox.com

EEA, UK or Switzerland:
If you’re in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland: contact roblox@gdpr-rep.com (Our representative according to Articles 27 EU and UK GDPR in the European Union)
EEA:
DP-Dock GmbH
Attn: Roblox Corporation
Ballindamm 39 / Ecke Jungfernstieg
20095 Hamburg, Germany

UK:
DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd.
Attn: Roblox Corporation
16 Great Queen Street
Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom

If you’re in Brazil, contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing privacy@roblox.com.

If you’re in Korea, more information is located in the Privacy Policy Addendum for Users in Republic of Korea.

Before moving on to the rest of the Privacy Policy, when you see certain terms in this Policy, some of them have specific meanings.

“Children” or “Child” means any user under the age of 13
“Minor” or “minor user” means a user of the Services who is under the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction or state of residence
“Personal Information” means any information relating to a natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier
“Platform” means our Roblox platform, the ultimate virtual universe where imagination rules
“Privacy Policy” or “Policy” means this Roblox Privacy Policy
“Processing” means any operation which is performed on Personal Information, such as collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, adapting or making any kind of disclosure or other use
“Service” means any service or application offered by Roblox, such as allowing users to develop Platform experiences, connect with others, and use content created by you and other users. It includes websites on the roblox.com domain, our Roblox mobile, virtual reality and consoles, the Roblox Player, the Roblox Studio, and our other websites, products, software, applications, content, data feeds and other services on which an authorized link to this Policy is posted
Any other capitalized term that is not defined in this Policy is defined and has the meaning set out the Roblox Dictionary. In the event of a material or perceived conflict between the English version of this Policy and translations into other languages, the English version shall control.

Are you Under 13 or responsible for an under-13-year-old?
If you’re under 13 years old, your access to certain features will be restricted in the interest of protecting your Personal Information. Roblox is especially committed to protecting the privacy of children. This part of the privacy policy is just for you.
First, get the go-ahead
If you’re under 13 years old, please get permission from your parent or guardian to use Roblox. You shouldn’t use our Services without their go-ahead.
Set limits
No matter how old you are, Roblox communication settings allow you to control who can interact with you, for example, by only allowing interactions with friends or not allowing any interactions at all. You can also restrict your account, which turns off chat and public commenting and limits an account to certain filtered experiences on Roblox.
Parents and guardians – we recommend you supervise your child whenever they’re interacting on Roblox. We’ve got some tools to help – you can learn about Roblox’s safety features here.

Age-appropriate privacy settings
If you’re under 13 years old, we’ll automatically set your account to have strong privacy settings. While in this privacy mode, some features like social media plug-ins and certain advertising and alerts are disabled. When you turn 13, you will be able to enable additional features that are more appropriate for users ages 13 and up.
Information we collect if you’re under 13 years old
If you’re under 13 years old and create an account, we ask for some information (which is non-personal information, as defined by COPPA) to let you use Roblox.
We’ll collect:

your username (required). We need this to create your account and run the Roblox Service. We don’t use your username to identify you outside of Roblox
your password (required). We need this to log you in to your account and to run the Roblox Service
your date of birth (required). We’ll use this information to make sure your account has certain default settings intended for your age
your gender (optional). We will use this information to customize your experience
For additional account security and parental controls, you have the option to provide a parent’s or guardian’s email address in account settings or during logout. Children are encouraged to provide a parent’s email address, but are not required to do so to create an account. Parent email addresses (which is the only personal information as defined by COPPA we collect from child accounts) are collected for the security and integrity of your account and the Roblox platform. We may use your parent’s email address to communicate with them about your account, like asking them to review your account.
We don’t want more Personal Information
If you’re under 13 years old, we will only ask you to tell us the information we need to set up or protect your account. If you give us more of your Personal Information, we will:
delete any additional Personal Information we’ve collected from you (unless the law requires us to keep it),
cancel your account, or
turn on age-appropriate protections on your account
When users publish anything in our public and comment areas (for example, chat, forums, group walls, personal posts), we filter it and remove:

Personal Information like addresses, emails, phone numbers
attempts at phishing (this is when someone tries to trick you into giving out Personal Information)
offensive words, adult or suggestive content
To provide the filtering above, we use human and automated checking to the best of our ability based on available technology – but like all filtering technology, these systems aren’t 100% effective.

Please ask us if you want to make privacy-related changes
You can request that Roblox make changes to your child’s account or allow you to review, delete, or prevent the further collection or use of Personal Information from you or your child. To make a request, please fill out our Customer Support Form.
In the US and want to know more?
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). To learn more about COPPA, you can visit the US Federal Trade Commission’s COPPA website: https://www.ftc.gov/news-events/topics/protecting-consumer-privacy-security/kids-privacy-coppa

You can also learn more about COPPA by looking at this simple guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program – www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html

When we collect your information
Setting up a Roblox account
Your first step to joining a Roblox experience is to set up a Roblox account. We’ll ask you to create a unique username and password so you can log into your account and access features on Roblox. We also ask you for your birthday and gender (gender is optional) so we can customize your experience on Roblox. Eligible users may set their account's display name to contain certain Personal Information.
Three key rules for signing up:
Do not use your own name or other Personal Information in your username.
Do not pick a password that’s easy to guess.
You may share your password with your parent or guardian, but do not share it with others.
We don’t use your username to identify you outside of your activity on Roblox.
Why we ask you for an email address:
Once you have an account, you can add your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13) in case you need to reset your password.

We might ask for your email to verify your identity or enable additional features. The main reason we need an email address is for security because it is how we check to make sure accounts are authentic. You can change your email address anytime you want – if an email address is changed, we’ll send a notification email to the address that you used before.

Sharing your phone number
If you choose to give a phone number, we’ll send you a text message asking you to confirm your number before you can log in. We will use your phone number for security and account access, including to recover a lost or forgotten password or log in via mobile. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.

Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. You will be recommended with your contact name as stored on your friends’ devices, which may also include your real name. If you do not want us to use your phone number to be found by your friends on Roblox, please do not activate this feature or deactivate it at any time. Please note that the Discoverability feature may not be available in certain locations.

We do not ask for your phone number if you are under 13.

Purchases on Roblox
You can buy virtual currency (Robux) or premium subscriptions and choose how to pay from our available payment methods. When you pay, you (or your parent or guardian if you’re under 13) will have to give billing information, including Personal Information such as:
Name of the person responsible for buying virtual currency
Their billing address and email
credit card or other payment information
Our payment processors (for example, PayPal) manage the transactions, which are subject to their terms and conditions and privacy policies. Their policies will explain what Personal Information they keep and use. For example, they might keep and use your billing information, transaction details, and purchase history so that they can sort out any billing problems or inquiries.

You can choose to save your billing information with one of our payment processors to make future purchases easier, in that case, Roblox does not store or have access to your full saved billing information.

Posting content
You can post comments, messages, or other content on Roblox through chats, forums, group walls, personal posts, or other features. Users who are age 13 or older can also use voice chat on Roblox. We monitor what you say and write to check that it meets our Community Standards and complies with our Terms of Use. If we find that the content doesn’t meet our standards, for example, if we believe that it is inappropriate, includes Personal Information, or is not suitable for users to have on Roblox, we have the right to change or remove it. Where the law allows us to, we may use the content you and other users have posted for training or to help us to improve the way we filter content on our platform. Our aim is to increase safety on our platform. We also may use this data to help us provide a better experience on Roblox and to respond to requests about your account from you or your parent or legal guardian.
Asking questions or getting technical support
We collect your email address (or your parents’ or guardians’ email address if you are under 13), username, and any other details you give when you:
contact customer support
report a problem
ask for technical support
ask us questions or give us comments
We use this information to answer your questions and to give you the support or help you ask for. For users under 13, we communicate with your parent or guardian when sending our responses. We retain records of technical support questions for a limited time for internal use only, such as to answer additional questions about your account.

Using Roblox features
We may use Personal Information when you use certain Roblox features. To provide access to certain features, we may use your email address and other information you provide to us, such as your verified date of birth.
Third-party features such as social media add-ons (users 13 and older)
You can use third-party features like social media widgets, share buttons, and login features. These features may include social plugins from Google, Facebook, Twitter, or other platforms. In these cases, the third party’s terms, conditions and privacy policies apply.
When you use these features:

we may be able to access or use information on your social media accounts
information about how you use Roblox may be shared posted on your profile on those platforms
If you use your Roblox ID to sign in to a non-Roblox website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to that website or service.
Voice-based services (users 13 and older)
If you agree to use Roblox’s voice services, we may collect, use, and store your voice-recordings to:
enable voice services
make our voice-related services safer
inform training and product improvement
We will not use your voice recording with private server voice-chat recordings of EEA and Brazilian users for training or product improvement.
Location-based Services (users 13 and older)
You can choose to use location-based Services if you’re 13 or older. If you agree, we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer Services that depend on us knowing where you are. We collect location at the country or region level; we do not collect precise geolocation data. Examples are check-in, or personalizing content or advertising.

We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the Service, or uninstall our mobile apps.

Joining on a VR platform
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we collect your physical movement information so that we can use it in the experience. This information is only used to provide the experience.We do not store this information.

Camera-enabled features and uploads (users 13 and older)
If you use Roblox features that require the use of your camera or upload content that contains your Personal Information, we will collect, process, and store that content only for as long as needed to accomplish the purpose of the feature. Video used to generate animation key frames is processed on your device and is not shared with Roblox or any third parties. For more information, please refer to the Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy.

Contact Importer (users 13 and older)
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you will share the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone with Roblox. This feature helps connect with your friends on our Service. If you use the feature, we will automatically access and collect information in your address book from time to time in order to sync your contacts. Such information will only be retained in case of matches with existing Roblox users. Our Contact Importer feature is only available if you are 13 or older and may not be available in certain locations.

Creator Events (users 13 and older)
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the company that hosts the events. This is done to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the Roblox Community Standards. Creator events are only available if you are 13 or older. 

Interacting with our experiences
To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may:
collect information from your game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations.
collect information about the games you are playing to give you similar recommendations.
share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC,
collect information from your device through cookies - see “Cookies and Similar Technologies”.
Subscribing to other features (users 13 and older)
When you subscribe to other features or activities that are available to users 13 years old or older, we’ll set out what information is collected and how we intend to use it when the information is collected.

Competitions, promotions and research
Taking part in competitions or promotions
If you take part in competitions or promotions, for example, contests, sweepstakes, giveaways or prize draws, those activities may require contact information such as your name, email, or phone number, to be eligible for discounts or prizes. If you receive a gift card provided by a third party provider, certain contact information may be shared with the provider and used in accordance with this Policy and the terms listed on the provider’s website. In some places in the world, the law requires us to publicly share information about the winners.
Taking part in research
If you choose to participate in research or surveys, these surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Advertising
To market Roblox’s Service to new and existing users, we use Personal Information like:

IP addresses
information on users’ browsers or operating systems, including language settings and general location information
usernames or user IDs
If you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information to create your account such as name, email, address, business and/or tax information. The purpose of collecting this information is to provide the ad account and comply with applicable laws, including tax laws.

We do not collect or use Personal Information about users under the age of 13 for marketing purposes.

If you’re a developer or creator
To take part in the Roblox Developer Exchange Program, you must give us an IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). We may also ask you to verify your identity by providing a government-issued photo ID through a third-party vendor. This feature is only available to users who are 13 or over. For more information, please visit our Developer Exchange Terms of Use.
Other purposes for collecting your information
We also use Personal Information for these general purposes, as permitted by law, in addition to the purposes listed above:
To let you manage your account and our services

To allow you to manage your Roblox account or update your settings
To communicate with you about our Services
To make things better for you

To operate, maintain, personalize, and improve our Service
To research relevant technologies
To provide technical support or customer service
To protect you by keeping our platform safe and secure

To detect security issues, protect against malicious, deceptive or illegal activity, and prosecute anyone responsible for that activity
To find and fix errors or bugs
To give you access to features or limit your access to Roblox, as appropriate
To protect our or our users’ integrity, safety or security
To comply with the law and our policies

To audit interactions and transactions, and carry out any other compliance tasks
To comply with the law and our own Terms of Use, or any other restrictions we’ve put on your use of the Service
You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information to Roblox when requested. However, if you choose to withhold any requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services and features.

Cookies and similar technologies
Information collected through cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies and other standard internet technologies to help us make our services better.
Cookies

A cookie is a text file that’s put on your computer or device when you visit a website. It lets the website remember what you do and any settings you choose (e.g., login information, language, font size). Cookies make your experience more convenient – for example, if the cookie remembers your log-in details, you won’t have to enter them again each time you visit the site. Some cookies last longer than others:

Session cookies are deleted each time you close the browser
Persistent cookies stay on the device for a defined period of time.
A cookie set by the owner of the web server you are visiting is called a first-party cookie and cookies set by owners of other domains are called third-party cookies.

Pixel Tags/Web Beacons

A pixel tag or web beacon is a piece of code that tells its owner what you do on a web page. Pixel tags provide information like which web pages you visited or which ads you clicked on.

How we use cookies
We use technology like cookies to recognize you and customize your experience. We and any third-parties might use these technologies whenever you visit our sites or use our Services.

We collect information about the devices and software you use, for example:

the type of browser or device
the website or source that linked or referred you to our services
your IP address, device ID or other identifier that identifies your computer or mobile device – this cookie is not deleted when you close your browser
the operating system of your computer or device
These technologies allow us to:

record and keep your preferences, account settings, and certain login information (for your convenience, e.g. to prevent you from needing to choose settings every time you visit, and security)
collect information about how you use the Services, for example, how you downloaded our app or where you downloaded it from
collect information on how software is used on your mobile device
collect information about what features you use and how well our services work
identify any suspicious activities so we can try to protect users from payment fraud and other inappropriate activities
collect demographic information (eg, age, location, etc)
perform similar functions.
We use cookies or similar technologies only for the purposes given in this privacy policy.

Your cookie rights in the EEA

When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more information, see Section 8 below.

Third-party advertising companies
We partner with third-party advertising companies such as ad server companies and ad networks. If you interact with content or reach Roblox through a link in an advertisement, we or our service providers may give these third-party advertising companies identifiers from your device, such as an IP address or device ID. We collect this information to help us to promote and market our Services better.

For users under 13 years old, Roblox partners with third-party advertising companies:

to display contextual advertising that is based on the content of the game you play
to limit how much advertising is shown to you if you’re under 13 years old
to provide related uses permitted by COPPA.
If you’re under 13 years old, Roblox will not show these types of advertising to you:

behaviorally targeted ads – these are ads that are shown according to a user’s behavior on a website or app
retargeted ads – these are ads that are sent after a user starts a purchasing process but does not finish it. The ad tries to get the user to finish the purchase.
We do not collect any information from users under 13 years old for the purposes of directing targeted advertising.

Your cookie choices
For Roblox.com, click on the link in the footer at the bottom of the page to access your cookie options. For all other sites, please clear your cookies and refresh your browser to display the cookie banner to access its settings.

Most web and mobile device browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted or you are warned before a cookie is set.

Use information from browser companies to learn more about how they manage cookies:
Which also tells you how to block or delete cookies that are already on your device.

By blocking or deleting cookies used, you might limit your experience of the Service. You might not be able to log in or experience the Roblox.

When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. For more details see Section 8 below.

To stop companies from tracking you on their websites
You can ask us or a third party to disable advertising-related tracking on our websites. To disable this tracking, we or the third party may need to set an opt-out cookie on your browser. You may need to change your browser settings to accept cookies if you want to fully disable advertising-related tracking.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
The parts of this privacy policy that are about experiences or give information about users under 13 years old don’t apply to the corporate websites.

If you contact us about job opportunities, we may ask for your name, email address and employment details. Or you may send us a CV or job application with this information. We have the right to use this information to send you corporate-related information to you or respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience.

Our corporate websites give general company information to any user that visits them – they use the domain names, corp.roblox.com, blog.roblox.com, and their subdomains. On these sites, we give information about the corporate side of Roblox, press information, career information, and other general audience information. Our corporate websites do not offer any experiences.

When we share your information
We do not sell Personal Information
Roblox does not sell Personal Information about you. However, we may share your information for a valid business purpose, as described below.
We may share Personal Information where necessary
When other companies need Personal Information to provide a service on our behalf
We may share your information, including Personal Information, with other companies (known as third-party agents, contractors, or service providers). We hire these companies to perform services for us. These companies are only allowed to use the information we share to complete the relevant tasks. They are not allowed to use the information we share for any other purpose, including selling Personal Information. We make sure that all companies that we share information with are capable of looking after the information properly. Personal Information collected through the SMS program, won’t be shared, sold or rented to third parties.
Here are examples of the services that we might rely on other companies to provide, and examples of the companies that we are likely to share information with.
Account integrity and security services (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services (e.g., CommunitySift);
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social media log-in services (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing and payment services (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla)
Hosting and content delivery services (eg, AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
When creators need Personal Information to improve your experience
The creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators.

We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.

For legal reasons or to help prevent a crime
We may share your Personal Information, as permitted or required by law, if:

necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process served on Roblox

law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services) request that we share it
we believe that disclosing the information may prevent a crime
a law requires us to share it
To help ensure safety and security
We may share your Personal Information if we believe that sharing would:
help an investigation into public safety
protect the safety of a child using Roblox
help to protect the security or integrity of our Services.
If we need to protect ourselves against legal responsibility
We may share your information if we believe that disclosing the information will allow us to take precautions against taking legal responsibility (liability) or to protect our rights.
If there is a transfer of rights in our business e.g., if we sell our business
We may hand over rights to access your information, including Personal Information:
as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction
if information is handed over as a business asset in an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership
Where required by law, we will notify you and ask you to consent to such sharing.
We may share information that does not identify you
In some circumstances, we share data that doesn’t identify you, for example:
To comply with reporting requirements
For any business or marketing purposes
To help us and others understand how, when, and why users visit our sites and use Roblox.
We may share non-identifying data of all users regardless of their age.
We’re not responsible if you share your own Personal Information
If you’re 13 years old or over, you can share your Personal Information through chat, forums, messages or similar ways of sharing on our Service. Remember that anyone who uses these features will be able to see anything you share in this way. We are not responsible for how your Personal Information is used if you shared it yourself.
Do Not Track (DNT) signals
Our Services do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. We do not track our users over time and across other websites to provide targeted advertising.
You can update or delete your Personal Information
If you want to view, correct, or delete your Personal Information, or if you want us to make another request about your Personal Information, please fill in the Customer Support Form.
If you’re under 13 years old, please have your parent or guardian fill out the form.

If Personal Information about you changes, or if you no longer want to use our service, you may correct, update, change, or close your account under your account settings or by contacting Roblox through the form above. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
See Section 8 for additional rights available to residents of certain states in the United States, the UK, Switzerland, the European Economic Area, and Brazil.

Looking after your information
Security measures
We have security measures that are intended to protect any Personal Information or other sensitive information under our control from loss, misuse, or alteration. Though we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use reasonable efforts to prevent it.

Sending or storing information on the Internet is not 100% secure, so we can’t guarantee the security of any information you share with us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.

We’ll tell you if your privacy is at risk
We may send you emails or other messages about security, privacy, and account management. If we learn about an incident that may qualify as a data breach under the law, we will notify you in accordance with the law.
How long we keep your information
We may keep your Personal Information for specific purposes as long as we need it to fulfill those purposes, sometimes even if you’ve stopped using Roblox’s Services. When we no longer require your Personal Information, we will de-identify or delete the information. Here are the reasons we may need to keep your information:
For resolving problems
We keep billing information and transaction histories so that we can resolve billing disputes or inquiries.
We keep user account history to solve any customer service issues and to provide, improve, and develop our service.
To make our services safer
We may keep information if it will help us make our Service safer and more secure, such as to stop bad actors who try to misuse Roblox.
For legal reasons
We may keep information for legal reasons, like establishing legal defenses, conducting audits, pursuing legitimate business purposes, enforcing our agreements, exercising our rights, or complying with legal obligations.
Letting other users keep your information
Other users may keep publicly shared content and virtual items on our platform (e.g., if you create a virtual shirt and then sell it to another user, the virtual shirt will be kept on the platform because the other user now possesses it).
Where we store your information
Roblox is based in the United States. We send information we collect from you to our secure servers in the U.S. where we store and use it. This storage is necessary for us to process the information.

We may also transfer information that we collect from you to our other offices and to the third parties mentioned in Section 4 of this Policy – these might be outside your region. Our agents or contractors may also use your information. The data protection laws of the U.S. or other countries may not be equivalent to those where you live.

Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected. If required by applicable legislation, we rely on a valid international data transfer mechanism to enable cross-border data transfers.

Privacy Policy Changes and Updates
We update this Privacy Policy at times, so you should review this page regularly. We always publish the date of the latest version at the bottom of this page.
If we make any major changes, we will let you know by email (if we have your email address or a parent’s or legal guardian’s email address) or by showing a prominent notice on this website or in app prior to the change becoming effective. If required by law, we will obtain your consent or the consent of a parent or legal guardian if any of these changes involve new material uses of your Personal Information not previously disclosed in this Privacy Policy.

Additional information based on where you live
If you are a California resident
Your Rights as a Data Subject
In accordance with California law, you may have the following rights:
Access to/Portability of Personal Information. You can receive a copy of categories of Personal Information and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected, used, disclosed, sold, or shared about you in the past 12 months, consistent with legal requirements. Residents also have the right to request the categories of Personal Information disclosed for a business purpose, the categories of sources from which their Personal Information was collected, our business or commercial purposes for collecting their Personal Information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed their Personal Information. In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic Personal Information in a portable format or transferred to another party.
Correction. You can request correction of your Personal Information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your Personal Information or we may refer you to the controller of your Personal Information who is able to make the correction.
Deletion. You can request we delete Personal Information we collect from you, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
Restriction of or Objection to processing. You can request restriction or object to the processing of your Personal Information, and you have the right to opt in or opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information to third parties, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law. Please note that, in the case of California residents, we do not currently sell or share Personal Information, as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act and the California Privacy Rights Act. For that reason, we do not currently offer a mechanism for California residents to opt out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information. We have no actual knowledge of selling or sharing the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Non-discrimination. You have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by exercising your privacy rights. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise their privacy rights.
Please note that some of these rights can be exercised by updating your account within the Services, or you can contact us as set forth in Section 1 above for other requests. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request so that we can ensure you are the owner of the account making the request.

Our California resident consumer request metrics for the previous year can be found here.

For additional information related to your rights under California law, including information related to California retention periods, how you can exercise your rights, and more, please visit our full Roblox CPRA Privacy Policy.

US States
State consumer privacy laws may provide their residents with additional rights regarding our use of their personal information.
California
Additional information for California residents can be found in the “If you are a California resident” section of this Privacy Policy, above. Please also visit our CPRA Privacy Policy.
Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia
State laws provide residents in Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia with certain rights, including the rights to:
Confirm whether we process their personal information.
Access, correct and delete certain personal information.
Receive copies of their data in a portable format.
Opt out of processing of Personal Information for targeted advertising, sales of their data, and profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
To exercise any of these rights, please complete the Customer Support Form. To appeal a decision regarding consumer rights, please contact us at privacy@roblox.com.

Please note that we may maintain and use de-identified data, as defined under applicable law, without attempting to re-identify the data.

If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK) or Switzerland
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information subject to the legal bases mentioned below:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account. The basis for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”).
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent billing disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. The legal basis for this processing activity is Roblox’s legitimate interest in being able to defend ourselves from possible liability claims that may arise from unlawful comments posted by you, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”). Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support. This processing activity is based on your consent according to Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR and/or Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”), depending on the initial purpose for contacting our customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. The legal bases for this processing activity are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”). If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you request or agree to voice based services from Roblox, we may collect, process and store your voice recording to provide services and to improve our voice related services. We may use your voice recording for purposes such as training and improving our filter technology to increase the safety on our platform, except that we will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of EEA users. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a (“consent”) GDPR. We further have a legitimate interest Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR to provide moderation and increase the safety of our voice related services.
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are check-in, or personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps. The basis for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the Roblox Community Standards. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) to join an event and f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR to ensure the security and integrity of our service.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content that require the use of your camera or upload content that contains your Personal Information, we will collect, process, and store that content only for as long as needed to accomplish the purpose of the feature. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). For more information, please refer to the Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”).
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC. The bases for processing this personal data are Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and f (“legitimate interest”). We may use data collected from your interaction with our experiences for safety purposes on the basis of Article 6 sec. 1 sent1 lit. f ("legitimate interest").
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs. The legal basis for the processing of this data is Roblox’s legitimate interest in maintaining our user base, bringing new users to our websites and informing (potential) users about interesting events, Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. The bases for processing this personal data is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”). We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history. The legal basis for processing these personal data is our legitimate interest in being able to resolve subsequent disputes and inquiries, Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”).
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). The legal basis for this processing is Article 6 sec.1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) with regard to U.S. law requirements. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”) and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”).
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”) and Art. 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. f GDPR (“legitimate interest”) because we have a legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. When you visit our website with an EEA IP address, a cookie banner will appear asking you for your consent. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a GDPR (“consent”). In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“necessary for entering into an employment contract with us”).
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.

When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide a parent email address. We process this information to give the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review the account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service. This processing activity is based on Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b GDPR (“performance of a contract”). In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child’s account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, and, if required by law, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian (Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. a and Article 8 sec. 1 GDPR).

Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.

These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:

Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services (e.g., CommunitySift);
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
The legal basis for this data transfer and processing activity is Article 28 of GDPR in conjunction with the data processing agreements we concluded with respective third-party agents. These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.

Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in. The legal basis for this processing activity is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. b (“performance of a contract”), Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is the creators’ legitimate interest to comply with non-EEA legal obligations.

Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, or (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights. The legal basis for such disclosure is Article 6 sec. 1 sent. 1 lit. c (“compliance with legal obligation”) in compliance with the respective EEA or Member State law and lit. f (“legitimate interest”) GDPR. It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements of U.S. law. Further, we have a legitimate interest in these purposes.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information. Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside the European Economic Area, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in your country of residence. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected, e.g. conclude the EU Standard Contractual Clauses with third parties.
Your rights as a Data Subject
If you are a user based in the European Economic Area, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights:

Request (i) information whether your Personal Information is retained and (ii) access to or duplicates of your Personal Information retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of Personal Information concerned, and the data recipients as well as potential retention periods;
Request rectification, removal or restriction of your Personal Information, e.g. because (i) it is incomplete or inaccurate, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn;
Refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your Personal Information at any time;
Object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of your Personal Information, in case such processing is either based on our or a third party’s legitimate interests or on a performance of a task carried out in the public interest. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your Personal Information or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing;
Object to the use of your Personal Information for direct marketing at any time;
Request (i) to receive the Personal Information concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side. Where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the Personal Information transmitted directly from us to another controller.
You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above, (ii) pose any questions, or (iii) make any complaints regarding our data processing by contacting us under the contact details set out above in Sec. 1.
Further, you may take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your Personal Information, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators.

If you live in Brazil
Categories of Personal Information and Data Processing Purposes
In the course of visiting our websites and apps, and/or using our services and products, we may process the following Personal Information:
Setting up a Roblox account
Username and password to create your account.
Email addresses and other information you provided us with for added verification and/or to enable certain features. Roblox has a legitimate interest in providing a safe and secure Service, especially to protect children.
If you choose to provide a phone number, we will use the phone number for security and account access purposes, which will allow you to log in via mobile and recover a lost or forgotten password. You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Roblox or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. We have a legitimate interest in enabling you to use our Services via your mobile device, ensuring security, and preventing fraud. Additionally, with your explicit and informed consent, we may use your phone number to recommend you as a friend to others using Roblox.
Purchases on Roblox
Billing and payment information, when you participate in Developer Exchange or purchase virtual currency or premium subscriptions, including your name, billing address, credit card or other payment information and billing information. You may choose to save information such as your credit card number through a third-party payment provider; in such cases the information is not stored by Roblox; it is stored with the third-party partner. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history.
Posting content
Comments or messages you post or transmit on Roblox via public chats, forums, group walls, personal post, etc. We process this information to monitor, filter and moderate this information for the purposes of being able to remove profanity, Personal Information, and other inappropriate conversations. Additionally, we may use pre-filtered comments and messages for other purposes such as training and improving our filter technology. Please note that any Personal Information submitted by you in forums and similar means offered by us is available to anyone who has access to this forum including other users. The Personal Information posted by you can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums and could be used to send unsolicited messages.
Asking questions or getting technical support
Information relating to contacting our customer service, e.g. when you report a problem, submit questions, concerns or comments. We may process your email address, your name and information relating to your inquiry or concern in order to respond to your communications, fulfill your requests, or provide other customer support.
Using Roblox Features
Information relating to your use of or interaction with third party plug-ins, e.g. social plugins from Google, Facebook or Twitter. When you use these features, certain information from your social media accounts may be accessed by or shared with Roblox, and likewise, certain information about your use of Roblox may be posted to your profile on those platforms. If you use your Roblox credentials to sign in to a third-party website or service, and later delete your Roblox account, you may lose access to such third-party website or service.
When you request or agree to voice based services from Roblox, we may collect, process and store your voice recording to provide services and to increase the safety of our voice related services. We may use your voice recording for purposes such as training and improving our filter technology to increase the safety on our platform or improving voice related services, except that we will not engage in training or product improvement with private server voice chat recordings of Brazil users. We have a legitimate interest to increase the safety of our voice related services.
When you request or agree to location-based services (users 13 years old and older), we may collect and track geolocation information so that we can offer services that depend on us knowing where you are. Examples are check-in, or personalizing content or advertising. We collect this information by using an identifier on your device or browser so that we can recognize you each time you return. To stop us collecting your location information, you can update your device settings, stop using the service, or uninstall our mobile apps.
If you join our experiences on a VR platform, we will collect your physical movement information in order to replicate your movement in the experience. This information is only used to provide the Service and is not stored.
If you join a virtual event hosted by a Creator, data such as your username, email, and Roblox user ID may be shared with the third-party platform that hosts events. Such data is used to allow you to log in to the experience. Your activity during a Creator Event is subject to the third party platform’s privacy policy as well as the Roblox Community Standards.
Information required for additional features that require the use of your camera or upload content that contains your Personal Information. If you decide to use these features and upload content, we will collect, process, and store that content only for as long as needed to accomplish the purpose of the feature. For more information, please refer to the Roblox Facial Animation Privacy Policy.
Information required for other features or activities, which may be available to our users other than children. We may offer other features or activities on our Services from time to time, and you may be able to submit or upload Personal Information in connection with such features. The data being collected for such features and their intended uses will be evident at the time of data collection.
If you opt-in to the Contact Importer feature, you consent to sharing with Roblox the first and last names and phone numbers of your contacts in your address book on your mobile phone, either at the time you register for our Service or otherwise. We do so to help you connect with your friends on our Service.
Interacting with our experiences. To improve your experience and ensure safety, we collect information about how you interact with the Services and we connect this information with your account. For example, we may collect information from a user's game state to detect violations of our Terms and to improve our ability to detect such violations; collect information from your search history to give you similar recommendations; share information like your username and transaction details to the UGC creator or subsequent owners, if you acquire a limited item if you purchase, share, trade, or otherwise engage in a transaction involving UGC.
Competitions, promotions, and research
When you respond to or participate in voluntary research or surveys or studies. These surveys may collect information about your likes and dislikes, experience interests and habits, general hobbies and interests, and other lifestyle information or preferences. These surveys may ask for Personal Information.
Information relating to your participation in contests, competitions, sweepstakes, giveaways, prize draws or other promotions that we may run on our Service or sponsor from time to time. We may process certain contact information (such as your name, email address, and/or phone number) for prize fulfillment purposes, as well as other information or content needed for the specific promotion.
Advertising
To market our services, inter alia, via social media platforms in order to bring new users to our websites and to maintain and increase our user base, we may process Personal Information such as IP addresses, information on users’ browser or operating system, including language settings, regional location information and user names or user IDs.
When you choose to create an Ad Account, we may collect additional information for your account (such as name, email, address, business information, etc.) in order to create an account. We may also retain transaction details and purchase and payment history.
If you’re a developer or creator
Information required for participating in our Roblox Developer Exchange Program, like the IRS W-9 form (for U.S. taxpayers) or W-8 form (for non-U.S. taxpayers). It is our legitimate interest to comply with the legal requirements, especially with regard to U.S. anti-money laundering laws.
Other purposes for collecting your information
Login information, which may include your IP address, device type, username, password, date and time of your visit, information on your browser version, information on your operating system, including language settings, MAC addresses, and User ID. We will process this information to provide you with our Service. It is in our legitimate interest to guarantee the Services’ stability and security.
Account information, e.g. information such as your name, username, login and password details, regional location information, user-generated content, contact details that you choose to provide to us, and other Personal Information that are used for participating in the Service we are offering. We process this information to provide our Services to you.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies. Some of these cookies are necessary for the basic functioning of the website and therefore cannot be deactivated. We will use optional cookies only if you have previously consented to such use. You can manage your choice by clicking on “manage cookie preferences” in the cookie banner. We will save your choices in the form of a cookie. This cookie has a limited effective period of one year. In addition, you can also manage cookies using your browser settings. For further information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 3 above.
On our corporate websites or in job applications
Information relating to a job application made by you, like your name, email address, employment details, CV, resume or other details of your employment history sent by you. If you engage with Roblox in an immersive space for prospective employees, such as the Roblox Career Center, such a space may be recorded in order to provide the experience. We will process this information to process and respond to your job application.
Automated Decision-Making
Please note that we do not use your Personal Information for automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
Personal Information of Children and Parental Consent
Please note that when users under the age of 13 register for the Service, their account is automatically set to to privacy-protective settings by default. This means that these users will not have access to certain features, such as social media plug-ins, some forms of third party advertising, and certain types of notification alerts.

When a child creates an account on Roblox, we may process a username, password, birthdate, and gender (gender is optional). Separate from account creation, users may optionally provide the user access to the Service and to communicate with the parent about the child’s account (if a parent email was provided). For example, we may use the parent’s email to send an email notification about the child’s account and an invitation for the parent to review their child's account and update settings. We may use the birthdate the child provides when signing up for the Service to determine which features on Roblox the child should have access to and to determine when the child will turn 13 years old and can be given broader access to features on our Service.

In general, we will not use or share account information (including Personal Information) from a child's account except for the permissible purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and, where applicable, only with the prior verifiable consent of a parent or legal guardian.

Data Sharing
Roblox may share users’ information, including Personal Information like billing information or usernames, with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on Roblox’s behalf.

These providers may operate or support certain functions of the Service. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:

Account Integrity and Security (e.g., Veriff, Persona, Arkose Labs);
Analytics services (e.g., Google LLC);
User Acquisition services (e.g., AppsFlyer);
Community filtering and moderation services (e.g., CommunitySift);
Customer support services (e.g., Zendesk);
Surveys and promotions (e.g., Reach3);
Social Media Log-in (e.g., SAP Customer Data Cloud);
Billing services and payment gateway providers (e.g., Kount, Worldpay, PayPal, Incomm, Blackhawk, Google, Apple, Amazon, Windows Store, Xbox, Playstation, Meta Quest, Xsolla); and
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., AWS, Equinix, CenturyLink, YouTube, Vimeo).
These agents and contractors are only allowed to use the information shared with them only for the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do and consistent with this Privacy Policy, and for no other purposes. Roblox takes steps to ensure that all service providers with access to Personal Information are capable of protecting the information we share with them.

Further, the creators of the experiences you use or content you interact with will have access to your username, display name, user ID, game metrics, UGC transaction details, and your regional location (which we base on your IP address). We do not share your IP address with the creators. We provide creators with the regional location of players to determine their player base and make sure their experiences meet the legal requirements of the country you live in.

Legal disclosure
We may disclose Personal Information about you, including the content of your communications on the Service, to comply with legal process, including court orders and subpoenas, served on our Service. In addition, we also may disclose Personal Information about you, including content, in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other public agencies (including schools or children services), or if such disclosure may (i) prevent the instigation of a crime, (ii) facilitate an investigation related to public safety or protect the safety of a child using our Service, (iii) protect the security or integrity of our Service, (iv) enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights, or (v) when otherwise required by applicable laws.
Storage and international transfer of your Personal Information
Roblox is based in the U.S. Your Personal Information that we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States of America. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information.

Some of our agents and third-party service providers are located outside of Brazil, e.g. the United States. The data protection laws of the United States or other countries may not be as comprehensive or equivalent to those in Brazil. Wherever we transfer your Personal Information, we will take reasonable steps to ensure we rely on a legitimate international transfer mechanism, as set out in Brazilian data protection laws.

Your rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject located in Brazil, you have rights regarding your Personal Information. We provide mechanisms, as detailed below, so that you have clarity and transparency in exercising your rights. As a data subject, you have the following rights:

Confirm whether or not we process your Personal Information
Access your Personal Information
Correct incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated Personal Information
Anonymize, block or delete unnecessary, excessive Personal Information or data processed in non-compliance with LGPD
Port your Personal Information to another service provider, upon express request and subject to our trade secrets, in accordance with the regulations of the supervisory authority
Delete Personal Information processed under your consent if it is withdrawn, when applicable
Request information about public and private entities with which we shared your Personal Information
Request information about the possibility of not providing consent and about the consequences of doing so
Withdraw your consent, where applicable
Request information about with whom we share your Personal Information
Object to processing activities that violates LGPD’s provisions
Before responding to any of your requests, we may ask you to provide us with some information to confirm your identity. We will only respond to your request after validating your identity.

Please also note that these rights are not absolute and may not apply in certain circumstances. For example, we may continue to process and retain Personal Information regardless of your request to delete, object, block or anonymize it, to comply with legal, contractual and/or regulatory obligations, and to protect and exercise rights, including in judicial, administrative and arbitration proceedings, and as otherwise required by law. To exercise your rights or ask questions, you can contact us by completing this Customer Support Form. To appeal a decision about your privacy rights, please contact our Brazilian Data Protection Officer by emailing privacy@roblox.com, or otherwise reaching out to us as described in Section 1.
Now, we begin our journey.
When we reboot our computer, it must start up again, initially without any notion of
an operating system. Somehow, it must load the operating system --- whatever variant
that may be --- from some permanent storage device that is currently attached to the
computer (e.g. a floppy disk, a hard disk, a USB dongle, etc.).
As we will shortly discover, the pre-OS environment of your computer offers little in
the way of rich services: at this stage even a simple file system would be a luxury (e.g.
read and write logical files to a disk), but we have none of that. Luckily, what we do have
is the Basic Input/Output Software (BIOS), a collection of software routines that are
initially loaded from a chip into memory and initialised when the computer is switched
on. BIOS provides auto-detection and basic control of your computer’s essential devices,
such as the screen, keyboard, and hard disks.
After BIOS completes some low-level tests of the hardware, particularly whether or
not the installed memory is working correctly, it must boot the operating system stored
on one of your devices. Here, we are reminded, though, that BIOS cannot simply load a
file that represents your operating system from a disk, since BIOS has no notion of a filesystem. BIOS must read specific sectors of data (usually 512 bytes in size) from specific
physical locations of the disk devices, such as Cylinder 2, Head 3, Sector 5 (details of
disk addressing are described later, in Section XXX).
So, the easiest place for BIOS to find our OS is in the first sector of one of the disks
(i.e. Cylinder 0, Head 0, Sector 0), known as the boot sector. Since some of our disks may
not contain an operating systems (they may simply be connected for additional storage),
then it is important that BIOS can determine whether the boot sector of a particular
disk is boot code that is intended for execution or simply data. Note that the CPU does
not differentiate between code and data: both can be interpreted as CPU instructions,
where code is simply instructions that have been crafted by a programmer into some
useful algorithm.
Again, an unsophisticated means is adopted here by BIOS, whereby the last two
bytes of an intended boot sector must be set to the magic number 0xaa55. So, BIOS
loops through each storage device (e.g. floppy drive, hard disk, CD drive, etc.), reads
the boot sector into memory, and instructs the CPU to begin executing the first boot
sector it finds that ends with the magic number.
This is where we seize control of the computer.
Note that, in Figure 2.1, the three important features are:
• The initial three bytes, in hexadecimal as 0xe9, 0xfd and 0xff, are actually
machine code instructions, as defined by the CPU manufacturer, to perform an
endless jump.
• The last two bytes, 0x55 and 0xaa, make up the magic number, which tells BIOS
that this is indeed a boot block and not just data that happens to be on a drive’s
boot sector.
• The file is padded with zeros (’*’ indicates zeros omitted for brevity), basically to
position the magic BIOS number at the end of the 512 byte disk sector.
An important note on endianness. You might be wondering why the magic BIOS
number was earlier described as the 16-bit value 0xaa55 but in our boot sector was
written as the consecutive bytes 0x55 and 0xaa. This is because the x86 architecture
handles multi-byte values in little-endian format, whereby less significant bytes proceed
more significant bytes, which is contrary to our familiar numbering system --- though if
our system ever switched and I had £0000005 in my bank account, I would be able to
retire now, and perhaps donate a couple of quid to the needy Ex-millionaires Foundation.
Compilers and assemblers can hide many issues of endianness from us by allowing
us to define the types of data, such that, say, a 16-bit value is serialised automatically
into machine code with its bytes in the correct order. However, it is sometimes useful,
especially when looking for bugs, to know exactly where an individual byte will be stored
on a storage device or in memory, so endianness is very important.
This is possibly the smallest program your computer could run, but it is a valid
program nonetheless, and we can test this in two ways, the second of which is much safer
and better suited to our kind of experiments:
• Using whatever means your current operating system will allow, write this boot
block to the first sector of a non-essential storage device (e.g. floppy disk or flash
drive), then reboot the computer.
• Use virtual machine software, such as VMWare or VirtualBox, and set the boot
block code as a disk image of a virtual machine, then start-up the virtual machine.
You can be sure this code has been loaded and executed if your computer simply
hangs after booting, without a message such as “No operating system found”. This is the
infinite loop at work, that we put at the start of the code. Without this loop the CPU
would tear off, executing every subsequent instruction in memory, most of which will
be random, uninitialised bytes, until it throws itself into some invalid state and either
reboots or, by chance, stumbles upon and runs a BIOS routine that formats your main
disk.
Remember, it is us that program the computer, and the computer follows our instructions blindly, fetching and executing them, until it is switched off; so we need to
make sure that it executes our crafted code rather than random bytes of data held somewhere in memory. At this low level, we have a lot of power and responsibility over our
computer, so we need to learn how to control it.
There is a third, more convenient option for testing these low-level programs without
continuously having to reboot a machine or risk scrubbing your important data off a
disk, and that is to use a CPU emulator such as Bochs or QEmu. Unlike machine
virtualisation (e.g. VMware, VirtualBox), which tries to optimise for performance and
therefore usage of the hosted operating system by running guest instructions directly on
the CPU, emulation involves a program that behaves like a specific CPU architecture,
using variables to represent CPU registers and high-level control structures to simulate
lower level jumps and so on, so is much slower but often better suited for development
and debugging such systems.
Note that, in order to do anything useful with an emulator, you need to give it some
code to run in the form of a disk image file. An image file simply is the raw data (i.e.
machine code and data) that would otherwise have been written to medium of a hard
disk, a floppy disk, a CDROM, USB stick, etc. Indeed, some emulators will successfully
boot and run a real operating system from an image file downloaded or extracted from
an installation CDROM --- though virtualisation is better suited to this kind of use.
The emulators translate low-level display device instructions into pixel rendering on
a desktop window, so you can see exactly what would be rendered on a real monitor.
In general, and for the exercises in this document, it follows that any machine code
that runs correctly under an emulator will run correctly on the real architecture ---
though obviously must faster.
Bochs requires that we set up a simple configuration file, bochsrc, in the local directory,
that describes details of how real devices (e.g. the screen and keyboard) are to be
emulated and, importantly, which floppy disk image is to be booted when the emulated
computer starts.
Figure 2.2 shows a sample Bochs configuration file that we can use to test the boot
sector written in Section XXX and saved as the file boot sect.bin Even with the example code provided, you will no doubt have found it frustrating writing
machine code in a binary editor. You’d have to remember, or continuously reference,
which of many possible machine codes cause the CPU to do certain functions. Luckily,
you are not alone, and so assemblers have been written that translate more human
friendly instructions into machine code for a particular CPU.
In this chapter we will explore some increasingly sophisticated boot sector programs
to familiarise ourselves with assembly and the barren, pre-OS environment in which our
programs will run. Note that we used the -f bin option to instruct nasm to produce raw machine code,
rather than a code package that has additional meta information for linking in other routines that we would expect to use when programming in a more typical operating system
environment. We need none of that cruft. Apart from the low-level BIOS routines, we
are the only software running on this computer now. We are the operating system now,
albeit at this stage with nothing more to offer than an endless loop --- but we will soon 
build up from this.  Now we are going to write a seemingly simple boot sector program that prints a short
message on the screen. To do this we will have to learn some fundamentals of how the
CPU works and how we can use BIOS to help us to manipulate the screen device.
Firstly, let’s think about what we are trying to do here. We’d like to print a character
on the screen but we do not know exactly how to communicate with the screen device,
since there may be many different kinds of screen devices and they may have different
interfaces. This is why we need to use BIOS, since BIOS has already done some auto
detection of the hardware and, evidently by the fact that BIOS earlier printed information
on the screen about self-testing and so on, so can offer us a hand.
So, next, we’d like to ask BIOS to print a character for us, but how do we ask BIOS
to do that? There are no Java libraries for printing to the screen --- they are a dream
away. We can be sure, however, that somewhere in the memory of the computer there
will be some BIOS machine code that knows how to write to the screen. The truth is
that we could possibly find the BIOS code in memory and execute it somehow, but this
is more trouble than it is worth and will be prone to errors when there are differences
between BIOS routine internals on different machines.
Here we can make use of a fundamental mechanism of. Roblox’s mission is to connect a billion people with optimism and civility. Every day, tens of millions of people around the world have fun with friends as they explore millions of immersive digital experiences. All of these experiences are built by the Roblox community, made up of millions of creators. We believe in building a safe, civil, and diverse community—one that inspires and fosters creativity and positive relationships between people around the world.

We’ve created these Community Standards to help ensure that everyone feels safe and welcome in our shared adventure. These Standards apply to all of your actions on Roblox and with other Robloxians, both online and at real-world events hosted by Roblox. For 17+ experiences, please see Roblox’s 17+ Policy Standards.

We ask that you respect our Standards and each other at all times — and understand that violating them may result in enforcement action against your account(s) and content. For some behavior that violates these Standards, such as behavior that poses a real-world risk to others, we reserve the right to contact or cooperate with the relevant authorities in order to keep everyone safe.

We’re always learning, so as our community evolves and our platform grows, these Standards may change too. When they do, we’ll let you know here. If you see something that you think violates the Community Standards, or otherwise makes you feel unsafe, please let us know by using the Report Abuse feature. For more information about the legal terms that govern your use of Roblox, head over to our Terms of Use.

We appreciate your cooperation with these Standards and commitment to keeping Roblox safe and civil.

Safety
We want our community to be a place where people can connect with optimism and civility, regardless of their identity or beliefs. To ensure Roblox is a place where everyone feels comfortable being themselves, the following is not allowed:

Child Endangerment
Roblox has a zero-tolerance policy for endangering minors, including:
Any predatory behavior, including attempting to befriend a minor in order to manipulate and exploit them (i.e., grooming)
Sexualizing minors in any way
Engaging in sexual conversation with or soliciting sexual material from minors
Sharing, requesting, or discussing child sexual exploitation material
Terrorism and Violent Extremism
Roblox has a zero tolerance policy for content or behavior that incites, condones, supports, glorifies, or promotes any terrorist or extremist organization or individual (foreign or domestic), and their ideology, or actions, including:
Depictions of or support for terrorist or extremist attacks
Depictions of or support for the leaders or representatives of terrorist or extremist organizations
Sharing the slogans, images, flags, manifestos, or icons of terrorist or extremist organizations, either in whole or in readily identifiable part
References to the ideologies, messages, or strategies of terrorist and extremist organizations
Expressing support, condoning, or glorifying terrorist extremist ideologies or actions
Recruiting membership for a terrorist or extremist organization, or encouraging others to leave Roblox to find such information
Fundraising for terrorist or extremist organizations, people, or supporting groups
Expressing support, condoning, or glorifying mass shootings and other acts of domestic terrorism or violent extremism
Threats, Bullying, and Harassment
Threatening others with real-world or online harm, inciting violence against people or property, bullying, stalking, trolling, harassment, intimidation, extortion, and blackmail are not permitted on Roblox. We also do not allow any content that depicts, glorifies, or promotes such behavior, including:
Threatening physical or sexual assault or violence
Threatening to harm someone in real life
Revealing or threatening to reveal others’ personal information
Threatening to take over another’s Roblox account or to file false abuse reports against another user
Singling out a user or group for ridicule or abuse, either publicly or privately
Sexual harassment
Impersonating individuals, groups, or entities, in ways that may damage their reputation or cause others to harm them, either online or in real life
Suicide, Self Injury, and Harmful Behavior
At Roblox, we take our users’ well-being very seriously. We’re here to help provide resources for those struggling with mental health, and we reserve the right to communicate with authorities regarding credible threats of self-harm. We do not allow content or behavior that depicts, glorifies, or encourages suicide, self-injury, or real-world activities that may create an extreme risk of physical harm including:
Describing methods for suicide or self-harm
Content that glorifies, supports, or depicts instances or methods of suicide or self-harm
Dangerous physical challenges or stunts in the real world

If you or a loved one are having thoughts of suicide or self-harm, there is help available. Reach out to a suicide prevention hotline like the one found here. For additional global resources, here is a good place to start.
Discrimination, Slurs, and Hate Speech
Roblox honors and welcomes users of all ages, backgrounds, and identities. We do not allow content or behavior that supports, glorifies, or promotes hate groups, their ideologies, or actions. You also may not discriminate, mock, or promote hatred against individuals or groups, or encourage others to do so directly or indirectly, on the basis of their:
Age
Race, perceived race, or ethnicity
National origin
Sexual orientation
Gender, gender identity, or gender expression
Religion or religious affiliation or beliefs
Disability status including diseases, bodily conditions, disfigurement, mobility issues, and mental impairment
Physical or mental disability status
Veteran status
Caste
Familial status
Harmful Off-Platform Speech or Behavior
Robloxians treat everyone with respect, both on and off of Roblox. If credibly reported to us, we may take action against users who, among other things:
Are associated with organized crime, terrorist or extremist organizations, or hate groups
Harass, bully, discriminate, or harm others outside of Roblox
Share others’ personal information off-platform, including making false reports to authorities
Have been convicted of certain egregious crimes, engage in certain illegal activities, or encourage others to do so
Civility
Civility is at the core of the Roblox community. To promote our civil environment, Roblox prohibits certain types of content, including:

Real-World Sensitive Events
Roblox prohibits content that recreates specific real-world sensitive events; mocks the victims of such events; supports, glorifies, or promotes the perpetrators or outcome of such events; or capitalizes on these events for commercial purposes, including content about:
Mass acts of violence against people or property
Specific, real-world, natural disaster events
Human or civil rights violations
Violent Content and Gore
Although some experiences on Roblox may include weapons and violence, we do not allow content that contains extreme violence or serious physical or psychological abuse, including:
Animal abuse and torture
Realistic or real-world depictions of extreme gore, graphic violence, or death
For 17+ experiences, please see Roblox’s 17+ Policy Standards.

Romantic and Sexual Content
Roblox is a safe space for meeting online friends, chatting, and collaborating on creative projects, but we prohibit content that depicts sexual activity or seeks real world romantic relationships, including:
Romantic or flirtatious gestures or communication between users in a romantic context
Pursuing or soliciting romantic relationships online
Engaging in unwanted flirtatious behavior
Engaging in sexually explicit conversations or soliciting sexual material from other Robloxians
Content that depicts, strongly suggests, or explicitly describes sexual acts
Nudity
Sexually suggestive avatar bodies and clothing items
For more information about creating Avatar Bodies that comply with these policies, including required use of modesty layers, please review the guidelines here.

For 17+ experiences, please see Roblox’s 17+ Policy Standards.

Illegal and Regulated Goods and Activities
We do not allow users to discuss or engage in illegal activities or encourage others to do so on Roblox. We also prohibit the discussion, depiction, or promotion of some illegal and regulated goods or activities. This includes:
Controlled substances such pharmaceutical and recreational drugs, as well as as alcohol, tobacco, vaping, and their associated paraphernalia
Dietary supplements and enhancers such as weight loss pills and steroids
Depictions of intoxicated behavior associated with consuming alcohol or drugs
Purveyors of illegal and regulated substances
Bomb/explosive and weapon-making instructions or schematics in the real world
Realistic modern firearms outside of in-experience items
On-platform contests where Robux or anything else of value is offered as a prize
Sweepstakes-style games
Except where prohibited by local law or regulation, we allow the portrayal of gambling in experiences. However, no real money, Robux, or in-experience items of value may be exchanged in connection with any gambling activities. We also require that the odds of winning be fair and clearly disclosed to the user prior to playing.

If you or someone you know is struggling with substance abuse, help is available. You can start here.

For 17+ experiences, please see Roblox’s 17+ Policy Standards.

Profanity
To keep Roblox safe and civil for everyone, we do not allow swearing in any language text, images, or uploaded audio, including:
Using misspellings, special characters, or other methods to evade detection of profanity
Quoting or using audio containing profane lyrics
For 17+ experiences, please see Roblox’s 17+ Policy Standards.

Political Content
We value friendly debate about issues and topics that matter to Robloxians. However, to maintain a civil and respectful environment, we prohibit the discussion or depiction of certain political content, including:
Current candidates running for public office, including their slogans, campaign material, rallies, or events
Political parties, including official party-affiliated organizations
Specific races for elected office
Sitting real-world elected officials
Recent, previously-elected, officials in their official capacity
Individuals who have previously run for political office in their capacity as candidate
Desecration of political entity symbols, including flag burning
Inflammatory content related to real world border, territorial, or jurisdictional relationships
Integrity
We want Robloxians to trust each other to play fairly and honestly, and to respect one another’s creativity and hard work. To encourage this, Roblox requires its users to follow their local laws and prohibits or limits:

Cheating and Scams
We do not permit users to deploy or discuss deceptive schemes or methods of cheating on our platform, including:
Using exploits to gain an unfair advantage anywhere on the platform
Sharing exploits with others or encouraging others to cheat
Selling items with misleading or inaccurate descriptions
Misrepresenting your real or virtual world identity in an effort to mislead others
Attempting to access another user’s account without their authorization
Posting misleading links for the purpose of gaining unauthorized access to others’ accounts or information, either on Roblox or elsewhere (i.e., phishing)
Spam
Roblox prohibits disrupting or misleading others on the platform. This includes:
Deceptive, sensational, or otherwise misleading content or metadata used to inappropriately drive discoverability or engagement
Repetitive messaging to other users or uploads to Roblox systems
Creating experiences solely to direct users off Roblox
Intellectual Property Violations
We expect you to respect the intellectual property rights of others, and will remove infringing content upon receiving a valid copyright or trademark takedown request from a rights holder. Examples of intellectual property infringement may include:
Using another developer’s code to create your experience without their permission
Using another artist’s media in your experience without their permission
Using a brand’s logo or designs for the content you create without their permission
For information on how to use Roblox’s name and logo, please see our Community Usage Guidelines.

Copyright and registered trademark takedown requests can be filed here. Roblox may proactively delete or archive assets if we suspect that the content may be infringing on someone’s intellectual property rights.

You can learn more about intellectual property reporting on Roblox here.

Advertising
Independent Advertisement Publishing
Instead of using Roblox Immersive Ads, developers may independently publish advertising content in their experience(s). In these cases, the developer of the experience must directly upload and control delivery of the advertising content and remains responsible for such content. When independently publishing advertisements, developers must follow the rules outlined below, as well as all Roblox rules (including the Terms of Use, Advertising Standards, and all other Community Standards) and applicable laws and regulations. If your advertising content violates these rules, we may take action including removing the content, suspending the experience or suspending the account.
Developers must maintain full control of independent advertisement publishing. If a developer shows independent ads in their experience, that experience may not make programmatic calls to third-party advertising services.
Developers may not share personally identifiable user engagement information with advertisers and must comply with the Creator Analytics Terms of Use and Roblox Terms of Use in their treatment of all user information.
Developers are prohibited from showing advertising content to users under the age of 13. To accomplish this, developers must use Roblox tools such as the AreAdsAllowed boolean in PolicyService API to replace, hide, or block access to advertising content to any users who are disallowed from seeing ads.
Note: Applying a 13+ Experience Guideline does not hide ad content from users under the age of 13. All ad content must be hidden using the PolicyService API.
Developers must clearly and prominently disclose to users when content is an advertisement using simple and understandable language. Reference to the name of an advertiser alone is insufficient. Examples of acceptable disclosure language include “ad,” “paid,” or “sponsored.” The disclosure should be in or near the advertising content and be presented in a way that is likely to be noticed and understood by users.
Developers may not mislead users into thinking that they are engaging with Roblox served Ads.
Developers may not reuse or repurpose Roblox Immersive Ad content.
Advertisements cannot falsely represent the content being advertised to encourage user engagement (e.g., offer free Robux).

For more information on how to independently advertise, please see our Creator guidance here.
Prohibited Advertising Practices and Content
All advertisements on Roblox must adhere to Roblox’s Advertising Standards. Creator guidance for complying with the Advertising Standards can be found here.
Roblox Economy
Roblox maintains the Robux system for everyone’s benefit and enjoyment. To keep it fair for everyone, some activity in the Roblox Economy is prohibited, including:
Using third-party services to buy, sell, trade, or give away Robux. This does not apply to Roblox gift cards.
Engaging in off-platform, secondary market transactions for account access or virtual content from experiences or Marketplace. This does not apply to account holders selling or transferring the rights to the account’s creations as part of a verifiable agreement.
Using the group payout system in a fraudulent or misleading manner; including offering payment in Robux for acting as a model for assets, joining groups, referring members, or role-playing in experiences.
Promotional Offers
Developers may not use off-platform services or products to sell on-platform items (including exclusive features or other in-experience enhancements) for money or Robux, either directly or as a bundle, unless expressly authorized by or in partnership with Roblox. Find more details on acceptable promo codes here.
Soliciting Donations
We also do not allow our community to solicit donations for a charitable cause on Roblox, including:
In-experience prompts for users to donate Robux toward a crowdfunding campaign
Claiming that a transaction is associated with a fundraiser
Stating to users that some amount of sales proceeds will be directed toward a cause

Note: Developers may implement in-experience Robux transactions for users to express appreciation of the experience or generously reward a creator (e.g. a “tip jar” feature) as long as it is clear to the user that they receive nothing in return for their payment.
Paid Random Items
Paid random item generators include those purchased with Robux directly or via in-experience currencies that are purchased with Robux.
If paid random items are available in your experience, users may not trade or sell the resulting assets for Robux, real currency, or anything else of value on Roblox.
Creators must use the applicable PolicyService API to ensure paid random items are only accessible by eligible users.
The odds of receiving each possible resulting item must be accurately disclosed to the eligible user before the moment of purchase.
Security
For our community to thrive, everyone must feel digitally safe as well as physically safe. We can achieve this by respecting each other’s personal information and Roblox’s safety systems, and by keeping Roblox accounts secure. This section describes how players and creators should treat others’ information and protect their own and others’ digital security.

For information about how Roblox handles your personal information, please visit the Privacy Policy. For more information on how to keep your account secure - including how to enable additional security features such as two-step verification - visit our help page here.

To help maintain a safe metaverse, Roblox does not permit:

Sharing Personal Information
To maintain privacy and safety, users may be prohibited from sharing or requesting personal information on Roblox depending on their age, including:
Email address
Passwords or access tokens
Home address or physical location
Financial information including credit cards and bank account details
Medical information
Telephone number
Internet Identifiers such as usernames and handles not linked to Roblox
Sensitive credentials such as social security number
Visual and audio media of themselves or other non-public figures
Full legal names except as permitted in Usernames or Display Names for eligible users
Directing Users Off-Platform
When using Roblox, you may not link to any external websites or services, except for: YouTube, Facebook, Discord, X (formerly Twitter), and Twitch. Links to any of those approved sites must be wrapped in the applicable PolicyService API or listed in the Social Networks and Social Links settings of your profile or experience description page. Links (including those to approved sites) that appear in locations where the API cannot be deployed - such as text chat or embedded in media - are prohibited. Any other links or efforts to evade detection of links are prohibited, including:
Links that contain Roblox-inappropriate content
Partial links, filter-breaking, and permitted website links to non-permitted websites
Encouraging others to visit unpermitted external links

Note: For their privacy and safety, we prohibit users under age 13 from sharing links, regardless of API usage
Misusing Roblox Systems
Roblox maintains many systems to keep our users safe and secure, and we prohibit attempts to bypass these systems, gain unauthorized access to Roblox or to others’ Roblox accounts or information, or to otherwise violate our platform security requirements, including by:
Evading Safety and Security Systems
Attempting to get prohibited content around our safety systems, including by hiding violative elements of assets
Creating or using an account to avoid enforcement action taken against another account
Using VPNs to mask your location in order to gain unauthorized access to Roblox, including to a specific feature or account
Offering access to your Roblox account or soliciting access to another’s Roblox account for the purpose of evading enforcement action or safety systems
Failing to use required PolicyService APIs in your experience
Disruptive Content and Behavior
Using bots that are programmed to run disruptive tasks
Uploading content that contains obfuscated code or hidden scripts that mislead end users or create disruptive experiences for them
Injecting background noise into underlying audio that makes the intended audio unintelligible
Injecting excessive loudness, screaming, or harsh noises that disrupts others’ experience, either in uploaded audio or through chat with voice
Falsely reporting other users or experiences or encouraging others to do so
Invading or flooding experiences or groups in an effort to disrupt the experience or its reputation
For more information about creating Avatar Bodies that comply with these policies, including requirements for clothing and accessories, please review the guidelines here.
This Roblox Dictionary contains certain definitions for the capitalized terms used in the Roblox Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, this Roblox Dictionary is intended to be a helpful reference, but in the event of any conflict between the definitions contained in this Roblox Dictionary and those found in the Roblox Terms, the definitions contained in the Roblox Terms shall govern.




